--- PAGE 1 ---
June 1-1943 Monday

Hello Mother,

Got the other pictures this morning and was really surprised at them. If you wish tell me what size film my camera uses I'll see if I can find some of them for you. It's raining again today and boy did we get wet yesterday at the parade. We marched way out to the cemetery & was just ready for the address by the speakers + it started raining. It really was a putty place, right on the bank of the Fox River and the pretty green grass and green trees. In the parade were the Wisconsin State Guard, Civilian Air Pilots, American Legion, Police Force & several others besides the 96th US Corps Detachment. After getting wet we came back in and took a shower & put on our dry clothes and went downtown to a good show. How's my stationery? Hope it's not raining there as much as it is here.

Well we finish our year geometry course next Friday (2 weeks).

--- PAGE 2 ---
Say I got nine letters today. I'm getting back on the beam again. Don't have the time to answer them very often though. Guess they all decided to write at once.

Law a picture of the soldiers at Miami Beach in the show last nite. It was taken in March while I was there and everything sure looked natural. General Arnold was there too while I was there he was in the picture too. Clark Gable talked all through the picture.

The pictures were pretty nice, don't you think! must be going

Love to All,
Austin

Tell John to tell you what the clothes are worth. You can use the money as you like - maybe pay some on the preacher's salary etc

--- PAGE 3 ---
1943 Wednesday June 2nd

Dearist Mother,

Just back from English class.

Got my grades for last month and passed on everything. We started last nite having supervised study from 8 to 9 at nite. We march over to mother building & study in the library. We have 2 or 3 teachers there to help us with any problems we need help on - On the math & made 74 the highest grade given was 95. Made 91 on Physics Laboratory but only 72 on Physics lecture.

We are carrying over barracks bags over to the supply office to get our names stenciled on them. It seems to rain here every day. I see the boys taking P.T., outside this morning, I take mine next period at 9:00 A.M.

--- PAGE 4 ---
They just hollered "Mail Call"—

Well I got a letter from you
And one from sister too — It's almost
6 o'clock now and time for supper.
It's really been a tough day Jim all
that out. The E Squadron gets open
post now on Wednesday nites & they
fly on Saturday & Sunday too.

Have some more pictures for you
to put up. Bet you have lot of them
now don't you. Don't forget to
send the size film my camera
uses and see if I can
find them:

Pretty short but I gotta go.
Tell all hello's. What is the latest
word from Jack Sider & John
Bishop?

Love to All,
Austin

Pictures were time exposures & they last looks
so good

--- PAGE 5 ---
Dear Mother,

I was everything I started to write you at 4:15 And only got your name written. Its 7:40 now & we had supper. Am listening to the radio now. Kate Smith was just on. Now I'm listening to a detective story, Nick + Nora Charles— The boys all went playing ball but I thought I'd stay in & write a few letters. Only got to write to you, sister, and Edna.

Tomorrow is Saturday again. Our band is playing over the radio from the stage of the Strand theatres tomorrow nite. They are pretty good now. Will finish later it's time to go to the library to study now— 9:45 — Back again got new sheets & pillow cases this afternoon. Just made my bed up so we can turn in our wool blankets now I hope. Everyone else is shining shoes for inspection tomorrow. I have mine already slimed too. Will get more pictures made over the week end I think. May go swimming again Sunday too. It only a few minutes till light go out so have got to have everything in place. They come around and inspect the rooms at nine tonight.

Love to all
Austin

--- PAGE 6 ---
Wednesday - June 9th 43

Dear Aunt Mother and All,

Well we have had another busy day. Had our Physical training test this morning in which we do sit-ups, chin-ups, and run a 300 yd dash.

I improved myself in all three tests above the grades I made on May 1st. Can't do so many chin-ups. I think it's because of my shoulder. It has some kind of rheumatism in it but doesn't bother me too much. In May I did 7 chin-ups, 9 today. "50 sit-ups" 64 today.

Manboogin 53 sec., today in 49 sec.

So you can see I am getting in better physical shape. We get all the milk we can drink and all we can eat too. We finished our course in plane geometry and passed O.K. - didn't make as much as I did in algebra but beat lots that had already had plane geometry in high school & college before.

--- PAGE 7 ---
Chin up you know how anyou chin himely with out an illustration (half)

Hands back head. Stay toward right down to 4 time since on the 300 yd dash we have to make a straight run through the track it made they won now will have turn sharp corners at each end instead running it all in one straight race. We have got to be able to stand up fast the quick turns.

You have soman to hold your feet down.
300 yd. Dash

Finish

--- PAGE 8 ---
You know I told you we started solid geometry Monday to finish in 2 weeks. Well we had already finished it & started on spherical geometry. You have to stay awake in class all the time or you may miss a whole month's math course in a few minutes (ha, ha). Had a test in History today too. I don't like to study that subject at all. Also in English We had to write a paragraph on "Army Discipline" & one on "My Favorite Hobby." I wrote on taking pictures. Tomorrow we have a spelling test in English. It's time to go to the Library to study. Didn't get anything said lent about what I have been doing. Are you going to send the negatives the Florida pictures? Love to all: Austin

--- PAGE 9 ---
June 16-'43 Wednesday

Dear Mother and all,

It's a pretty sultry morning. Seems like it's gonna rain again today. Everyone is sleepy this morning. Last nite we had a Military Ball the girls wore formals. Had a big time, Coco Colas & Sandwiches served free any time.

The days seem to pass fast. We keep busy all the time & don't have time think about the time. It's 7:30 A.M., and the news is coming on. We have been having English class from 7-8 but the teacher was not here this morning so we have an extra period today. Needn't too cus we have test on Spherical Geometry today.

Now we start studying Logarithms. The Americans are still flying over Europe. Has anyone heard from W.C. Crook lately? Haven't got any film for you yet. The stores here are run different from

--- PAGE 10 ---
the Way they are there. They all close at 6PM on Saturday. And stay open later during the week. How is the ration program working there now? Since I'm in the army I don't hear a thing about rationing except gas.

Well no news to write about except everything OK, and am feeling fine. Got to go get a hair cut now.
Lot of Love,
Austin

--- PAGE 11 ---
1943 Friday June 2

Hello folks,

Still busy as usual but tomorrow is Saturday again. The new boys came in this morning. They are from all over the United States and some have been overseas. We are sending Squadron East also so we advanced to the Top Flight next week. Took our test in Electricity today also think we are through with Mold.

This morning we took 3 series of exercises without stopping then went outside and ran 1 mile then one more series of exercises then we got down and ran in a squatting position. The water poured off us before we were through with all that. Looks like I would no gain weight doing that. Trageties M & did not get the pictures of the Florida Pictures

--- PAGE 12 ---
Well my feet are OK again - I got permission from the Medical Lieutenant to exchange my low shoes for a larger size. I had to send them off for change and have only the ones you sent from home to wear every day Sunday too till they get back.

They started letting us wear our fatigue pants to classes now and it sure saves us a lot of cleaning bills.

They changed the gig system again - worse again, now we are allowed 7 gigs per week and have to walk 1 hour for each gig over 7. I still haven't had to walk any gigs off yet. Time for bed now Kello till nite.
Time - Love to All, Austin

--- PAGE 13 ---
1943 Monday June 21st

Hello Mother & All,

Glad to hear you were better this morning. Hope you are still improving.

Went out to the airport today for the first time and the instructor went all around the plane + explained how it worked etc. Didn't get up today though as they were using all the parachutes, am going up tomorrow though.

Think I'll like it fine.

Went on a picnic Sunday & rowing in a boat also swimming - Am through with Math, Physics, now I have English, History, Civil Air Regulations, Geography, Meteorology + Flying. Physical training will have more time now maybe.

--- PAGE 14 ---
Must be going will write about the trip as soon as I'm back. Don't worry I think the planes are paper there the bus we ride out to the airport in - Love Austin

--- PAGE 15 ---
1943 March June
Tuesday 22nd

Hello Felks,
And back in the ground again and Can't wait till tomorrow comes. Today in the hour I was up & flew the ship alone + landed + took off 3 times done.
The instructor was with me but I handled the plane. Really is a thrill & everything looks so differently from up above.
There are lots of things to think about while in the air. It felt just as safe running the aeroplane as I would driving our tractor. It runs about the same as a John Deere tell John except that you have a stick to make it lean on its side by pushing sideways & makes it go either up or down by pushing it forward + back, you work the rudder with your feet the same us brakes on our tractors.
The other boys in my room have all been up but none have landed. I took off some went up yesterday & took both. They are very careful about inspecting the planes. There have been no accidents at all since this program has been going on here. Will stop now till tomorrow.
Love
Austin

--- PAGE 16 ---
Hope you are up and feeling better now. I think I will learn to fly pretty easy. I believe I could take it now alone & take off & land—

--- PAGE 17 ---
Thursday-June 24th

Dear Mother,

Wrote a letter this morning but have been up again this afternoon. Had a nice ride and did several new tricks. Did figure 8s and rectangles - Sure wish I could fly home sometime soon. If only you'd let me! Don't expect to get to come home for a great while yet though.

The cows are doing in good shape - Ran out of stationery & had to get these cards from a roommate to last the rest of this week. Expect to swim some over the weekend. Are having a good time + enjoying myself about as much as if I were home. Miss all the familiar faces though & Jack & Walt.

Love
Austin

--- PAGE 18 ---
From Pfc. Austin H. Winn
91st Airborne Training Detachment (Division)
Camp Kello, Oshkosh W. Wisconsin

Mrs. W.H. Winn
Route 2
Henning, Tenn.

--- PAGE 19 ---
Tuesday June 29th 1943

Dear Mother,

The weather is quiet windy today but think we will get to fly anyway. I am listening to Everett Mitchell on The National Farm & Home Hour. I got one pair of my shoes back yesterday. Will have to buy myself a pair of low cut shoes. You sent some shoes that I could use so you? I can get them without a hump stuff place so much red tape to go through. I have to get my Commanding Officer to sign a statement that I need for this etc.

Started writing a card to some of the hands on the base and decided that if I didn't write to all they might get jealous. Will try & write to all by them sometime soon.

Hear from Jack and he is helping make a motion picture "Grandma's Diary" The cutes who censored.

Till Grandpa, Auntie, Sis & John Hello All the Time I have got today.

Lots of Love,
Austin

P.S. The weather is real cool here today! Will need a coat on flying -

--- PAGE 20 ---
Lett: After school Tuesday nite—

Here are some of the criticisms on my speech I made.
Each one was supposed to write a little criticism about the other fellow's speech.

Had a check flight by a different instructor today. Did pretty good

I think. Don't know what he thought though. All the others said she buzzed at them best
he just told me to push more rudder in making my turns.
Got a letter from you this afternoon so tell
Mr. T & Mrs Grant hello
