July 5th
Monday
10 A.M., Somewhere in New Mexico

Dear Folks,

It's a pretty day today here and hope you are all OK back at home. I have been riding since 11 o'clock Saturday but am making it fine & enjoying the trip. Boy is this a desolate country right through here. All we see is wide open spaces with low bushes & some grass. See several cows now & then but not many houses or communities. We stopped in Milwaukee Wisconsin for lunch Sat. Had supper in Chicago & have been eating all other meals since then on the train. Its a troop train with soldiers, sailors & marines on it. Some are new boys not in uniform just going to their first camp. Yesterday while in Kansas City I got chance to see the enemy. We were standing in the station & another train stopped beside us loaded with German prisoners. We were in the cars on the next track & could look right in at them. They seemed no different from most of us. Most of them were a little older. There were 400 of them.  Were guarded by some tough looking American soldiers. I think they were German Airmen Captured in North Africa.

I have mailed several cards, hope you got them. One place I just threw one out the window at a station hoping someone would mail it to you. Could not write any military information before so have just been saying hello etc. Guess you understood the letter about Jack & Waits. We are going to Santa Ana. Will be pretty busy after we get there, so may not write for a few days then.

Really is a long trip. Wish I had my camera to take your pictures along the way. We got off in Kansas City for a few minutes of exercise but won't get off any more till we get to our destination. May mail this in El Paso, Texas if we get there soon. You can follow our path on the map by the names of the towns we pass through can't you! Oshkosh, Milwaukee Wis., Chicago Ill; Kansas City Mo.; Hutchinson Kansas; El Paso Texas-then West to San Diego etc - across Arizona - Sue would hate to live in this part of the country. Tennessee is the best I've seen yet. Will get this ready to mail now.  so-long
Austin
_________________________________________________
July 7, 1943

Dear Mother:

I'm sending this from the Classification Center here at the Santa Ana Army Air Base, where I arrived today. I was met at the train and am now here with the rest of the future Army Air Crews.

I've been registered and assigned to Squadron 18, where I shall remain for about two weeks. During that time I will have my physical examinations and tests which will determine whether I become a Pilot, Bombardier, or Navigator. After being classified, I will be assigned to another squadron here on this post, and then my actual preflight training begins. That preflight training will last for about nine weeks and then I will be sent to one of the flying schools to start my flying training.

You will, no doubt, think it strange receiving this type of letter from me instead of a personal note, but here is why: Our Commanding Officer knows that during the excitement and process of getting settled during the next few days, some of us will be apt to forget to write to the folks at home. This is his way of letting you know where I am and that I am well. It's just one of the many indications that I shall be well taken care of in the Army Air Forces. Another is my protection by National Service Life Insurance which is granted me free of charge all through my training period.

I know I'll have more nice things to tell you when I write a real letter. In the meantime, please let me hear from you. My address is:

Squadron 18 FLIGHT C
Army Air Base
Santa Ana, Calif.
Love
Austin

Editor's note: This appears to be a form letter
_________________________________________________
July 8th   

Dear Folks,
Well I'm really keeping busy here. It's a pretty nice place! We have regular barracks here though instead of rooms about 100 men to a barracks. I am in a top bunk on the 2nd floor of our barracks.

This place is the Classification Center. They keep you busy from daylight to bedtime for (?) days and all the time they have officers just observing how you act, how you obey commands, your attitude, appearance, manners, talk etc. They are selecting the men of officer material or rather weeding out the ones that are not. We have lots of mental & physical examinations. We got in Tuesday nite about 10:30. The next day we were drilling all morning and had a parade that afternoon. Just like Florida my face is red as a beet after one day.
   The aeroplanes are thick as flys around here. We didn't know there was a war going on when in OshKosh but you can tell it here. This place is the survival of the fittest. Sure hope my sinus trouble don't start again. The nights are really cool. You have to wear an overcoat on guard duty at nite. We also get K.P. here. The food is good & plenty of it. Excuse the looks of my stationery. Everything really got rumpled up on the trip. 
   I don't have time to tell all I would like to so will leave some till another time. Don't worry about me, think I can make it O.K.
   We are quarantined at the post for 42 days and before that time we will be in Pre-flight where we will be quarantined another 42 days. The school up at OshKosh was almost like civilian life.

Got to go now
Lots of Love,
Austin
_________________________________________________
--- PAGE 6 ---
July 15th 1943
J.A.A.G.

Dear Folks,

Boy am I happy today! I passed all the exams as far as I know and that was about 54 different & separate tests: physicals, mental, psychiatrist, psychometer, spray and everything else possible. Have 2nd degree flat feet but that passes OK. Also have about 7 teeth to have filed. Have good eyes 30/15 for each. Cannot tell about the tests as it is military information. Don't know what I will be classified as yet: Pilot, Navigator, or Bombardier. Won't know for sure till about another week so don't tell anyone I'm a Cadet yet.

Lots of the boys are being eliminated for one thing and another - eyes, blood pressure, fat, etc. They get a good choice of other branches of service. Hear from Jack almost every day. Don't expect to see him soon though as we will be too busy training to get any time off. The war news sounds good doesn't it? Has anyone heard from J.C. lately? Expect he is right in the fighting zone now. At first I wrote it was not here but really its not! The sun shines bright but it's always a breeze & at nite you have to wear an overcoat. I sleep under 3 blankets. Funny isn't it. Oshkosh was lots hotter than it is here & at home either

--- PAGE 7 ---
Still haven't gotten any mail from home addressed to South Iowa - Got letters yesterday though from Oshkosh - Sister had my destination kinda figured out didn't she - I came right through where Clifford was on desert maneuvers.

Quick map of (no bar) trip 4

Going to show you love, Austi

--- PAGE 8 ---
Later:

Found a little more time so thought I'd continue. Hope you could understand the map & read the writing. I was in a big hurry and we don't have any tables to write on here.

Every afternoon after we eat supper we have to practice drilling! We didn't show up so good in the parade last Sunday, so they make us drill an extra 1/2 hrs every nite after supper. Gotta go again I hear the whistle:

Later: Well we had the chaplins over & talked to all of us about the War & our religions. Explained all the services here & everything. There will be no furloughs for Air crew members except emergency furloughs & they have to come directly through the Red Cross. They gave each of us a Bible that President Roosevelt had written a little message in. Now we are going to a lecture on War - How we were brought into war etc.

Really is interesting. They are taking good care of us & advising us in any matters we like to ask questions about. No men can have their wives even come to California & they don't want any of us to get married or ever think about it. They want our undivided attention to fighting & winning the war.

Love and Lots of Love
Austin

--- PAGE 9 ---
Santa Ana Army Base  
July 15, 1943  

Hello John,

Just in after a long lay and got a letter from sister and mother. It seems you have been busier than ever this year. How did the potato crop turn out? I hear there were lots of them but did they pay your expenses etc.? We have them almost every meal but I still like them.

I have been taking tests constantly since we've been here & think it makes everything OK. I have been weighing myself on these pesky scales 184 lbs but the army swears me 172 lbs not so fat after all.

I hear you are having some trouble with your eye. Hope it is getting along better by now. Sure do wish I could see the crops but it won't have a chance for a furlough at all. Tomorrow we go through a gas chamber & take our masks off just to see if we can take the gas without getting hysterical also get in a pressure chamber where it is equal to top of the air & drop down 10,000 feet at off time to see if we can take it up there - you should see the planes having dog fights over the base here. P-38's mostly.

--- PAGE 10 ---
Boy are they fast and there's no falling off their motors & don't believe - They climb straight up doing Cook screw twins and flips and everything I don't mean at a slant perfectly vertical. There are several Navy fighter planes fly around too & the Army & Navy have fighters there. We can hardly kill while they are diving around up there.
We have got to clean the barracks up tonight as we leave early in the morning & won't get time to do anything but sleep. We have inspections every day & your bed has to be made perfectly, shoes slipped, extra shoe lined up perfectly under your bed, shily dusted and nothing on it. Funny that we even have a shelf if we can't put anything on it. Hope you can clear this I always get in such a hurry when I'm writing.
Did Jimmy get his pay & I missed him the first time so wrote him once the other day. Tell Curtis hello and I got his letter yesterday. Sister addressed my letter a/c its supposed to be 4/5 (Aviation Student) until Lin appoints a cadet. That's so they can pay us $5 instead of $75 a month. Hope the tractors is going O.K. and you have plenty tires & good stuff etc. Hatta I don't have anything to worry about. Bye Bye
Tell Otto HELLO

--- PAGE 11 ---
July 18, 1943

Dear Mother,

Tomorrow is Sunday again, the time is really flying. We are learning lots of important things. Am about through with the classification tests. Next week we start guard duty and "Miss Management" a glorified name for H.P. We are seeing lots & getting talks trying to drive home the danger of giving out military information. We are to be instructed with many instruments & planes etc., that are worths many thousands of dollars and we have to learn to keep our mouths closed. Not even write home about anything.

Think I'll be O.K. if my brain just don't start when we start Nite guard duty. It's really cool here at nite. Sent a guy out to buy me some ice cream so had hello go drink & see if he's back. Tell everyone hello & write when they can

Love, Austin

--- PAGE 12 ---
Got lots of stationery here but I like the tablets with lines best. I can't write straight without lines. We have to write using our knee for a table too. Can lying on the top bunk with a guy kicking me up & down with his feet.

--- PAGE 13 ---
SANTA ANA ARMY AIR BASE
Santa Ana, California

YATES CHAPEL
8th & P Sts.
(near Service Club)

July 19, 1943

Austin H. Winn
Squadron 18

Dear Cadet:

According to our files, you are a member of the Methodist Church. As a minister of your denomination and a Chaplain in the Army, I extend to you my personal invitation to attend services at Yates Chapel. I conduct services at 9:30 a.m. and 7:30 p.m. every Sunday. There is also a Communion service at the close of the evening services on the 2nd and 4th Sundays of each month.

It will be a pleasure to see you at the services, or whenever you find it possible to stop in at the Chapel.

If at any time I can be of assistance to you, you can contact me through my office in the Chapel. I am on duty from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., daily except Tuesday. I am also in the office from 6:30 to 9:30 on Sunday, Monday, and Wednesday evenings.

I hope to meet you personally soon.

Very sincerely,

Ivan O. Gonser
1st Lt., CH-AUS
Assistant Post Chaplain

--- PAGE 14 ---
July 20, 1943
Tuesday Nite

Dearest Mother,

Just haven't had time to write as much as I would like to. Guess you get tired of me bothering you telling about how busy & safe we are. Today we have been on the go all day. Then he soon as supper was over they told us we would have to do our barracks tonight so we jumped in and scrubbed the floor, washed the windows, cleaned the ceiling, dusted everything and it's almost time for bed. We get up about 3AM in the morning and go out H.P. and work till 9:00PM tomorrow Nite.

Sure takes a time to mail to come through doesn't it. Are those green glasses that Uncle Peter used to wear still at the store? And what kind of shape are they in. I didn't remember whether they were very stout or not. The sun glares is real bright and I am going to need to buy some or use them one.

--- PAGE 15 ---
We are soon going to be in pre-flight
and we are speeding up that program
so we have to study all the more.
We have so much to learn. Plane identification
where we can recognize what type it is in 1/25 of a second. I also learn
the Morse code - (dit dit dot etc)
Will have to close now. Heard
from Walt yesterday, He has about
finished his schooling.

Give all my love,
Austin

--- PAGE 16 ---
ROLL OUT THE BARREL

Roll out the barrel  
We'll have a barrel of fun  
Roll out the barrel  
We've got the blues on the run  

Zing! Boom! Ta-rar-rel  
Ring out a song of good cheer  
Now's the time to roll the barrel  
For the gang's all here.

COMIN' IN ON A WING AND A PRAYER

Comin' in on a wing and a pray'r  
Comin' in on a wing and a pray'r  
Tho' there's one motor gone, we can still carry on,  
Comin' in on a wing and a pray'r.  

What a show ------ what a fight------  
Yes, we really hit our target for tonight,----  
How we sing as we limp thru the air  
Look below, there's our field over there  
With our full crew aboard and our trust in the Lord  
We're comin' in on a wing and a pray'r.

I'VE GOT SIX PENCE

I've got sixpence  
Jolly, jolly sixpence  
I've got sixpence  
To last me all my life.  

I've got tuppence to spend  
And tuppence to lend  
And tuppence to send  
Home to my wife. Poor wife!

CHORUS:  
No cares have I to grieve me  
No pretty little girls to deceive me  
I'm happy as a lark, believe me  
As we go rolling, rolling home.  
Rolling home, rolling home, rolling home, rolling home  
By the light of the silvery mo-o-o-o-n  
Happy as the day when we line up for our pay  
As we go rolling, rolling home.

I've got fourpence  
Jolly, jolly fourpence  
I've got fourpence  
To last me all my life.  

Continued on Page 2

--- PAGE 17 ---
Page 2

I've got tuppence to spend
And tuppence to lend
And no pence to send
Home to my wife. Poor wife!

I've got tuppence
Jolly, jolly tuppence
I've got tuppence
To last me all my life.

I've got tuppence to spend
And no pence to lend
And no pence to send
Home to my wife. Poor wife!

I've got no pence
Jolly, jolly no pence
I've got no pence
To last me all my life.

I've got no pence to spend
And no pence to lend
And no pence to send
Home to my wife. Poor wife!

Hinkey Dinkey, Parlez Vous

Two German officers crossed the Rhine
Parlez Vous
Two German officers crossed the Rhine
Parlez Vous
Two German officers crossed the Rhine
To kiss the women and drink the wine
Hinkey Dinkey, Parlez Vous

Oh Farmer, have you a daughter fair?
Parlez Vous
Oh Farmer, have you a daughter fair?
Parlez Vous
Oh Farmer, have you a daughter fair,
Who can wash a soldier's underwear?
Hinkey Dinkey, Parlez Vous

As Time Goes By

You must remember this
A kiss is still a kiss
A sigh is just a sigh
The fundamental things apply
As time goes by

And when two lovers woe
They still say "I love you"
On that you can rely
No matter what the future brings
As time goes by
Continued on Page 3

--- PAGE 18 ---
Moon light and love songs  
Never out of date  
Hearts full of passion  
Jealously and hate  
Woman needs man  
And man must have his mate  
That, no one can deny  

It's still the same old story  
A fight for love and glory  
A case of do or die  
The world will always welcome lovers  
As time goes by  

For Her Lover Who Was Far Away  

Round her neck she wore a yellow ribbon,  
She wore it in the winter and the merry month of May;  
When they asked her why the hell she wore it,  
She said 'twas for her lover who was far, far away.  

CHORUS:  
Far away! Far away!  
Oh, she wore it for her lover who was far, far away.  
Far away! Far away!  
Oh, she wore it for her lover who was far, far away.  

The Army Air Corps  

Off we go into the wild blue yonder,  
Climbing high into the sun;  
Here they come zooming to meet our thunder,  
At 'em boys, give 'er the gun!  
Down we dive spouting our flame from under,  
Off with one helluva roar!  
We live in fame or go down in flame;  
Nothing'll stop the Army Air Corps!  

CHORUS:  
Here's a toast to the host of those who love the  
vastness of the sky;  
To a friend we send a message of his brother men who fly.  
We drink to those who gave their all of old,  
Then down we roar to score the rainbow's pot of gold.  
A Toast to the host of men we boast, the Army Air Corps.  

Minds of men fashioned a crate of thunder,  
Sent it high into the blue;  
Hands of men blasted the world asunder;  
How they lived God only know!  
Souls of men dreaming of skies to conquer  
Gave us wings ever to soar.  
With scouts before and bombers galore,  
Nothing'll stop the Army Air Corps!  

Continued on Page 4

--- PAGE 19 ---
Page 4

Off we go into the wild sky yonder,
Keep the wings level and true.
If you'd live to be a gray haired wonder,
Keep the nose out of the blue!
Flying men guarding the Nation's border,
We'll be there followed by more.
In echelon we carry on,
Nothing'll stop the Army Air Corps.

The Caissons Go Rolling Along

Over hill, over dale,
We have hit the dusty trail,
And those Caissons go rolling along.
"Counter March! Right about!"
Hear those wagon soldiers shout,
While those Caissons go rolling along. For it's,

CHORUS:
Hi! Hi! Hoo! In the Field Artillery,
Call off your numbers loud and strong! (Call off!)
And where e'er we go, you will always know
That those Caissons are rolling along; (Keep 'em rolling!)
That those Caissons are rolling along. For it's
Hi! Hi! Hoo! In the Field Artillery,
Call off your numbers loud and strong! (Call off!)
And where e'er we go, you will always know
That those Caissons are rolling along; (Keep 'em rolling!)
That those Caissons are rolling along.

To the Front, day and night,
Where the doughboys dig and fight,
And those Caissons go rolling along.
Our barrage will be there
Fired on the rocket's flare,
Where those Caissons go rolling along. For it's

CHORUS
(After last chorus.)
Batt'ry Halt!

--- PAGE 20 ---
1943
July 22

Dearest Mother,

Well I was "Classified a Pilot" today. We have been going all day again and then had to go to a Band Concert. Will send some of the songs they played. K.P. again tomorrow. Have got to go to bed right up before 4 again. Got a notice I had an insured package at the Post Office. Guess its the shoes. If they have any kind of toe caps on them, I'd have to send them back. We aren't allowed to wear anything except issued clothing here. We start Pre-flight school the 28th. Guess they will try to work us to death until then.

Gotta go to bed now.
Love Austin

--- PAGE 21 ---
Wednesday 1943 July 27

Dear Mother,

Didn't get to write yesterday afternoon when I was back from flying. Went up again yesterday for 45 minutes. Did all the flying myself. Did I turn over a wood and ran rectangular courses around the field, a man was plowing with 2 horses and I circled around & around over him let 20 times. Then came in & landed & took off & landed again - Will be going back again today. Had open post last nite till 11 o'clock for our Sgdr. Got my grades for last month this morning did pretty good on everything except History which I never did like in High School either - In geography now we are studying the climates of Europe

--- PAGE 22 ---
Was I ever glad to get those pictures of the farm. These boys didn't know what to think about all those negroes. They have been teasing me every since I've been here about the rocks & mountains of Tenn. They didn't know what to think about the level land either. I'm the only southerner in our gym. In English class we had to read some and when I started reading the teacher asked if I was from the South. I have lots o' fun with them though they ain't all OK. These girls up here like the way I talk. (ha ha) Sent it air mail as I missed writing yesterday. Boy is that place around the house looking swell, Sister! you too. Tell all hello and I like the flying swell. Love (Cows & hogs are good price and they.) Austin

--- PAGE 23 ---
Sally Nite
July 24, 1943

Dear Mom,

Got your letter today. Yesterday I was on Mess Management again had a long day from 4 to 7 P.M. Got off at few minutes yesterday last Simpson to go to Post Office to get the package. Thanks a lot for sending the shoes but I can't wear them as long as Jim in the Army. I got the polish razor blades to send the shoes back. You might can sell them. I also had some extra money and no chance to spend any for anything worth while so sent $50 check which I suppose you have already gotten.

Well d have had a spurt of sinus trouble the last day or two. Kinda has been worried because we go in the pressure chamber Monday and get pressure equal to 40,000 ft high in the unit. They say anyone who smokes and had sinus really stops up if gets a head ache. As you go up the oxygen in the air increases it is hard for a normal person to breathe. Also you get cramps & eye blur if you haven't been eating the proper diet. We will wear Oxygen

--- PAGE 24 ---
weeks after we first see how high we could go without them. Boy I didn't know there was so much to flying an aeroplane - it would be simple just to fly around where you could see the ground but we are going to fly with instruments and up high in the stratosphere - There were lots of flying fortresses came in this afternoon. One spot thing which Kello kept my spirits up while on M.M. yesterday was I got $400 for tips from the Cadets. Lots of the boys have got Kello tomorrow. This week we have had guard duty one nite & H.P two days, the H.P. days are 18 hours long and you are on guard 4 hours at a time without any extra sleep the next day so we are all tired & sleepy. Sean went out to a show tonight though anyway. Haven't had any trouble at all with my shoulder since I've been here - Fatigue love to the Dearest Mother in the World Austin

--- PAGE 25 ---
July 24, 1943

Hi Austin,

Boy, how in the world are you? I was glad to find out when you were. You wrote me once while I was at Knox but I lost your address so I couldn't write to you until you wrote me again, so you see how it's been.

I'm in Classification Center now. I've been here for 7 weeks tomorrow; I've been classified now for 6 weeks as a pilot. I'll be moving across the road to Pre-Flight about the first of next month. I didn't have a bit Z tanker with anything, How about you?

R.B. Wilson left in the class ahead of me. I think he's in Navigation Pre-Flight now. Aiken & Adenhalt are still with me. Addison made Bombadier and was G.D.O. because they didn't need any. Trushan, you remember

--- PAGE 26 ---
him he's made files but asked for
S.D.O. Walker A.P & Pappy Thompson,
Bill & you, Walter, Whitley, an
still with me too. William the
other boy from across the base
was S.D.O.'d.
That about are
7 them that shipped with
me. The red I old 388 went
to Easton Pa for C.T.D and
Good ole Nashville for Class.
and are either there or Maxwell
Field now.
Write again soon Bye now,
& all the luck in the world.
Be good
Bob

--- PAGE 27 ---
Sunday 24th
1943

Hello Folks,

Well I wrote a letter last nite but as it wouldn't leave in the mail till tonight anyway & didn't mail it. Had a nice sleep last nite and a good breakfast at 8:15 this morning. Rice Krispies, milk, fresh peaches, boiled ham, coffee, boiled eggs, etc.

Went to church & met lot of my pals from other Squadrons. We will all be split up again now. Have gotten used to it now though. There really are lots of folks visiting the boys today at the service club. The church was so full I had to sit in the balcony.

Believe it or not but we had a strike Friday nite. First time seen since I left Waycross. See lots 7 planes & all sorts every day. Think the strike is over now. It kept 40,000 workers from getting to work while it was on - and too it kept all the soldiers from getting passed on the whole West Coast.

I noticed in the paper last nite that you had a terrible drought in Dixie. It said farmers were having to rush cattle to market & lack of pastures. Don't guess your pastures were that dry though.

--- PAGE 28 ---
Did intend to buy 2 books last month but we had the party & got the picture too and didn't have much left. Hope you like the pictures. I thought you and sister could decide which picture each would like - I am having some little small ones made but won't get them for about three weeks, thought I'd send cousin Wilbur one when I get them. Have you got the Squadron Picture yet.

Well am enjoying myself here and can hardly wait till we get to Primary and start flying again.
Love to All,
Austin

P.S. If John is in Memphis anytime tell him to go to the Army & Navy Store on Main St. and try to get me a pair of Cadet Wings for my hat. The big one with the propeller that goes on the hat (✈) - You can't buy a thing out here. They may be scarce there too. He might find them in a Jewelry Store.

--- PAGE 29 ---
July 1943
Tuesday 27th

Dear Mother,

Just came back from the pressure chamber where I made a very successful 38000 ft flight over 7 miles up where you couldn't live 1/2 minute without oxygen. We first went to 1800 ft and stayed 10 minutes without oxygen just to impress upon us the importance of our oxygen mask & equipment. After breathing the oxygen deficient air for a little bit, you lose your sense of judgment & don't have the right muscular coordinations either. Your vision is not so good either. If we had played a little longer we would have died from lack of oxygen so in flying we have to use it on any flight over 10000 ft. This experiment today was sort of a classification test to see if we would be able to fly high altitude ships or should stay lower than 15000 ft. I wrote to Paul Sales last nite. Evelyn sent me his address yesterday.

--- PAGE 30 ---
It seems that our Squadron got all the bad breaks. The Cadets have been getting regular Officers' blouses issued to them & Cadet hats with the big wings like the one in the picture - But they ran out of them on the Sqdr just before us. So we just wear our same blouses we had. Suits me O.K. though. The ones we have look good with the insignias we get to put on them and also as I don't be coming home soon this one suits me fine - Well the new clothing is being issued to boys going overseas soon.

Well I'm expecting more K.P. tomorrow. Am getting a little rest though this afternoon it seems. No one has called us out yet its 3:30 P.M. I got back about 2:00.

We didn't do so good in the parade Sunday so still have to drill every nite aftersupper. The boys that were classified Bombardiers left yesterday for Bombar school - Yes I am still with the Oshkosh Boys & a lot more from Louisiana out of 270 in our Sqdr here about 40 have washed out so far. Still haven't seen across anyone I knew before entering the Army.
(OVER)

--- PAGE 31 ---
Guess you have gotten the maps I sent by now & can see the why I traveled across country. We have to keep the barracks in inspection order at all times except at nite so I didn't have room for any extra equipment. I may send my notes that I took at school in Oshkosh here soon but thought I might want to look over them some in Pre-Flight - The Preflight school is a 18 week course - But some are taking it in 4 weeks now and we may be an experimental group & take in 4 weeks or maybe even 2½. We have to learn to identify planes in 3/5 of a second & also learn code where we can send & receive. Besides, learn lots of facts about airplane instruments and the different types of planes & uses of each. Then lots more too that I won't be able to write about because they are military secrets.

Get the Lauderdale Papers at my new address O.K., now. Got Rinka wound up on this one didn't I. Well just had a little extra time to think. Hope all are O.K. Had better write Edna a few lines now.
Love,
Austin

--- PAGE 32 ---
1943 July 29th Thursday

6:45 AM
Dear Mother,

How is everyone today? Well I have everything packed & ready to move - I haven't found out my address yet but will not mail this until after I move so I can send the new address.

Last nite I went to a show. Saw "Dixie" with Bing Crosby, Dorothy Lamour, and Marjorie Reynolds - It was really good. We had to be back in the barracks by 10:00 and we stayed in the short till 9:45 & had to run 14 blocks but we made it back in plenty of time. The theatres sure are nice. We saw new pictures & also pictures of the invasion of Sicily. Then we sang songs - the words were on that screen and first an arrow would point to the left side for that ride to sing, then back to the right to sing. The funny part was it indicated for the boys to sing if we all roared out + then the girls, and all the boys sang out with fine voices. Wasn't any girls except a few WAC officers that came with some lieutenants - About time for breakfast now. Well I'm an Air Cadet now- Will make $75 a month now. We have an 8 week course which begins Saturday.

( OVER )

--- PAGE 33 ---
Address:
A/C Austin H. Winn
Squad 56 Flight A
S.A.A.B., - A.G.F.P.F.S. (Pilot)
Santa Ana, Calif.

On you can make it
shorter just:

Squad 56 Flight A (SAAAB)
Santa Ana Calif.

AAFPS means
Army Air Force Pre-Flight School

Just had supper & we have lot o work to do -
Clean the barracks up - wash belt, polish brass,
Shine shoes + everything. We have got to look and
Act like an Officer & a gentleman.
Love to all
Austin

--- PAGE 34 ---
Dear Mother,

Just a line to say hello etc. I'm still busy as ever. Think I am going to like this part fine. We were issued our books this morning & will start to school tomorrow.

We had a trial gas attack this afternoon at 3 o'clock there were some smoke bombs set all around the post of every soldier had to get his gas mask on & wear it for 30 minutes - Everyone kept right on with what they were doing after they got their masks on. Guess I'll get a lot of mail at once when it gets forwarded from Sigon,18.

There is a boy in the Sigon named A.V. Winn he is from Washington state & haven't talked to him yet. We really git the best of foods to eat yesterday at noon we had lemon pie at supper a big chocolate cake & today for dinner ice cream. It's just as good as you could want at home.

Well I'll fall out for PT in a few minutes so will close with love. Tell Auntie & grandpa hello for me - give sister a kiss and here's a big one for you (smack). How did you like the letters I sent for sister to read? Love Austin

--- PAGE 35 ---
Saturday Nite
July 31st
1943

Hello Folks,

Well I got my first letters today after moving to the new Squadron. And liking it fine. It's going to be tough but that's to be expected. They are really making officers out of us now. We have to look like Officers stand erect, wear clean clothes, be neat in appearance, do lots & lots of little things. We don't like making our kids exactly alike, there are no individualists in this part of the Army. They say "the right way" & the army way." And we are going to do it like they say no matter what other ideas we may have. (ha ha)

Have lots of classes and have to learn fast but I figure we are lucky to get the 8 weeks course instead of the accelerated 4 weeks course. The more we know the better chance we have to come through.

Got a letter from Clifford & just answered it. He is going to come to San Francisco soon, he says. How far is that from Santa Ana? We got to learn all the American & British planes & American and British ships, code, maps & charts and lots of other information. We have good instructors. Some are just back from the war zones & have already been fighting. Haven't gotten the glasses yet but

--- PAGE 36 ---
Sister said you had mailed them thanks a heap. I use my electric razor a night smart now to get a quick shave at noon etc.

We are planning on winning the parade tomorrow so we won't have to build it with next week. These boys are more interested in doing their best than the other bunch was. They are older too, the others were most all kids of liked to play too much.

This is a choice branch of the service & they tell us if we don't want to stay in it we can get out in 2 minutes any time of the day by just asking to be eliminated.

Will probably go to a show tonight if I can get in line. Saw "appointment in Berlin" last nite. It's just about 4 blocks from here to the show. How many Bonds do I have at home now? I just wanted to kinda keep up so I would know - Is it 5 or 7 & $250 Bonds? You got the last $50 one didn't you?

Don't have to get a real short hair cut if you don't want it but I think I'll get one to do away with so much bother of keeping it combed. Am not going anywhere anyway - ha

Thanks for the stamps tell Sister Bill said them right back atcha. Is sister doing any more dreaming?
