Oct 2nd

Dear Mother and all,

Well I have finally arrived at my new base and am really delighted with it. We meet our instructors tomorrow (Sunday) and start right in flying Monday. We are just now getting started in the real thing. The first thing we did when we arrived was pull off our ties and brass off our collars & we are ready for work now instead of so much discipline and neat appearances. We are going to get through our flying 2 month ahead schedule if possible. The planes are really nice once they stay busy every minute a the day. As soon as one cadet gets out another gets in and takes off. There are girls servicing the planes & doing mechanic work and everything. The population on the post is about 1/3 civilians & 2/3 army. We are quarantined for 2 weeks, a regulation for all soldiers when moved from one place to another.

Boy the meals here are just terrific — you go into the dining room & eat cafeteria style & it's just like a banquet every meal. Tonight for supper we had boiled ham and was it good. All we want of anything most you could wish for.

About the train ride, it was pretty rough. We had chair cars and rode all nite & didn't get much sleep. We left Santa Ana at 10AM Friday Oct 1st got to Los Angeles about 3 o'clock and took a lay over til 9PM so we got a 3 hour pass & we took the town in in a hurry. I got the Wing I wanted John to buy so if he hasn't gotten them yet tell him thanks anyway.

Hope you can read this, I'm hurrying so I can get to bed early and get some of that sleep I missed last nite. The rooms here just too nice and are air conditioned (ha ha). We are out almost in a desert but I couldn't wish for a better place to live— No place to go much on weekends but that's O.K. We will probably be flying on Saturdays & Sundays too.


Sunday Oct 2, 1943

Hello John,

How is everything with you these days? I am really glad to get to this air field. Makes me feel more like an Air Force Soldier. Now that we have planes to fly - The picture looks like one of our hangars here. But I haven't had to walk my tours yet.

Later: I just got back from dinner and boy, I just wish you could imagine what kind of food we get. I bet you couldn't get a meal like we have for any amount of money at the biggest hotel in Memphis. We are going out in a few minutes to meet our flying instructors. We start in the morning (Monday). The planes we fly are Ryan's the fastest Primary trainers the Army has. We land at 70 to 90 mph with flaps. There's about 70 planes here and they all stay busy from daylight till dark. Some fly at night too - We go to ground school of take callisthenics & drill etc. for half the day & fly the other (over)

Am sending some stickers along. Will you put one on my truck? Read the instructions on the back, the paper pulls off & just leaves the main part on the wind shield. If you ever come out to Los Angeles or Hollywood you can use the map (ha ha). No, I couldn't find an envelope wide enough to put the stickers in without folding them.

I got the wings for my hat. Don't guess you had found any yet anyway had you!

How are the hogs and cotton coming along? Hope you aren't having too much trouble with the tractor. How is the income tax going to work for farmers? Do you have a certain % as you go or wait till the end of year. Guess you have to wait though because there's no income at other times hardly is it! If you have to fill mine out for me & make $50 a month from Feb. through July + $75 from Aug on OUT. Guess I'll have to stop now.

Tell sister & all hello. Have you heard from Clifford lately?

Bye,
Austin


Oct 5th

Dear Mother & All,
Well I was up yesterday in the plane. Did some of the flying myself. These planes are a lot different from the ones we flew at Oshkosh. Faster & they have open cockpits.
The schedule here is even more rushed than I was at Santa Ana - Am busy from 5:30 till Retreat at 6:30 PM then we eat Supper & have to be in our rooms studying at 7:45 Light out at 9:30. May not get to write every day but will write as often as possible. 
Hope everything is OK around home.  I got my flying suit and helmet this morning and and didn't have to go drill so I had this extra time before dinner.
Still think this is a swell school even if I am so far from home.
Tell sister I know I haven't addressed any letters to her lately but am sending them to you both in one.  Guess she is a busy bee.  Its amazing the way these girls work out here.  They put gas & oil in the planes every time they land & it really keeps them busy too.  70 airplanes going up every hour.
Will have to close now & go to chow.  Love to all and lots of it.
Austin

Oct 7, 1943

Hello Mom & all,

At 8:30 Thursday nite. Have had a pretty busy day - How is everything around home? I seem to have lost my fountain pen - Had to move it to the quarters since I wrote last so change the (EA3) on my address to SB3. Am flying every day.

Guess you got all the stuff I sent from Santa Ana. The box with my new pen in it. Don't send it too. I don't think I will find the other one. I'll try & keep up with this one. Tell everyone hello and I'm thinking of you lot. Much love
Anita

Oct. 9, 1943
Saturday Nite
9:05 P.M.

Dear Mother & All,

Am through with my first week of & boy I am really tired. An hour of flying is as much work as a half day of work when you are just learning — Am doing pretty good, I think.  Except I got a tooth-ache after coming down this afternoon. Don't know why I have to have such rotten teeth. Probably I'll have to get several pulled before I can stand any high altitude flying — I hear it thundering back in the West. Maybe we will have a little rain. Is it getting cool at home now? I don't get times to read a paper or hear the radio since we've been here. The first impression I got of this place was really tops. That was on Sunday. Since Monday morning at 5:30 AM I haven't had time to look at the same place twice.  I mean I am busy from daylight till after night without letup.  They aren't so strict on inspections & shoe shines during the week though.  I still like the place swell.  Guess its about the best school we could have gotten.  I guess you noticed I got my fountain pen back.  A coupe friends found it where I had moved from.  They brought it over to me tonight. Withee & Winn
They are both here but in different squadrons.  They fly morning & I fly afternoon, that is this week, we switch every week.  I moved off from Santa Ana & left some shirts in the cleaners.  One of the boys got them for me and mailed them to me.  I got them OK.  I need to write an few notes to some of my friends now so will say good-nite.  If you hadn't already mailed the other pen just keep it.

Love,
Austin

I have my new temporary address -

a/c Austin H. Winn, 14166970
EA3 - 44D
Eagle Field
Dos Palos, Calif.

The (EA3) is my room number and 44-D is the class number.  Dos Palos is the name of a little town about 3 miles away of about 1000 population.  Dos Palos is a Spanish name meaning '2 Trees' don't think there is one in sight of here though (ha ha).
Will write more in detail later for now I'll have to say solong -

Love to all
Let me hear from you soon,
Austin

1943
Sunday Oct 10.

Hello folks,

There's the picture of the ship I fly - me in the rear cockpit. Instructor in the front. Will be flying alone in about another week. This makes the eleventh letter I've written this weekend. Still haven't heard a word from home since I've been here. They are so slow about transferring the mail from Santa Ana. I sent you an air mail letter this morning see what the difference in time is when you get this one.  I dated it Oct 9th but didn't put it in the mail till this morning.  Don'e be worried if you don't hear from me too regular for its just about impossible to write during the week.
This will mailed Monday morning Oct. 11th.

Later: Its just about time for bed - I go to the flight line early in the morning so we have to shave tonight. I have been studying the theory of flight tonight learning just what makes an airplane fly. We also study engines pretty thoroughly. We have a test after every lesson. 5 questions if you miss one 1 question you have to go to night school.

Sure was sorry to see the piece in the paper about Neal. I never would have thought he'd do that but I didn't expect him to get married either. Guess Miss Ana was awful hurt over it. It even makes it embarassing to Estelle going to school I know.

Well good nity - Give my love to all and hope John is having good weather getting the crops out. Are the corn crops green yet? Don't guess they have got a good start yet though.
Love,
Austin


Thursday Oct 14, 1943

Dear Mother,

Well it's a pretty morning here in Calif. I'm on the flight line now. The ship has gone up with another student. We had to change into our O.D. clothes this morning. We also changed out mess hall procedure. We eat home style now but have to have 15 table waiters each meal. Every Wednesday nite we come to retreat & dinner with blouses on. Also have to wear ties all the time now too. Some one returns thanks before each meal. The Captain says he is going to take the whole Detachment to Fresno Friday nite to see a football game between 2 local schools. It will be a supervised trip and I'll have to stay in formation but I think that real nice of him. We were issued those knitted sweaters that so many ladies knitted for service men. They sure are warm too. Had bananas with our cereal for breakfast this morning.

Yes, we have a Chaplain here 2 days a week. We use the ground School for services. Well we've got to walk wing-tips on the planes as they come in so I'll finish up a line of two more tonight.

Later: I got a lettre from you tonight mailed Oct 11 and you still hadn't got the picture. Well we'll send you a little one like it. Edna has already gotten hers.  I went swimming this afternoon in the pool. The water was pretty cool but we kept busy playing with a big rubber ball.

I'd better mail this now before it gets too late.
Lots Love,
Austin

I mailed my address to the Lauderdale County Paper Already

Friday
Eagle Field -
Oct 15, 1943

Dear Mother,
Well I took the ship up myself this morning. Went around the field & landed 3 times. Did OK. We're flying alone now most of the time.  Did OK. I'll be flying alone now most of the times.
Gee that really was nice going around for the first time alone. He first went over to an auxiliary landing field I practiced a few landing then the instructor said let me out & you take over.  You've got to keep your eyes open for other planes all the time.
We are going to the football game tonight. Well I can't white much out on the flight line as we have to guide the planes into parking spaces when we aren't up ourselves. Won't get time to add any more tonight either as we are going to the game - Tell all hello & add much love,
Austin

Eagle Field
Oct 17, 1943
Sunday

Hi Folks,
Well I looked Dos Palos over last nite. It really is a little country town - a little larger than Henning. Has one Theatre though. The folks were mostly farmers like everyone back home except they dress like ranchers & cowhands (ha ha). 
Friday nite we had lots of fun at the foot ball game.  I also took the plane up alone Friday morning for the first time. I got a batch of letters from Santa Ana the other nite & found that you had already received the pictures.
Well, good you can use the little one too maybe.
Got up at 8 this morning.  Then had breakfast, changed the sheets & pillow case on my bed & beat the dust out of my blankets.  They are out airing in the sun now.  Also sewed 4 sleeve patches on O.D. shirts.  Don't get time to take any clothes to tailor to have them fixed so I just sew them myself on Sunday (ha)  When I talk about patches I mean sleeve insignias. 
Glad to hear you're getting good prices for the crops. They raise rice out here. The duck season opened the 15th and I mean there are worlds of ducks here too. I wish I could carry a shotgun up in the plane with me. I could swoop down over the rice fields and have some fun I bet.  Too bad the Sides are leaving but I guess they want to get away from there now.  Its almost noon time now so I'll be closing. I've got to go to the commanders office and sign in too.  Its a pretty day here. We haven't lost a single day flying since we've been here on account of bad weather.

Lots of love to all and best wishes to Sis & John on their anniversary.
Austin


Oct 1943 Tuesday 19th 
Eagle Field

Dear Mother & all,

How's everyone. I'm just fine & dandy - Finished my last stages of supervised solo today and got a ship checked out to me late this afternoon for my first 30 minute flight away from airport. It was raining a little but not hard enough to stop flight. I just flew around & looked the country over on my first trip - it was pretty cold up at 3500 ft. I was one of the first in the 44-D Class to get a ship for solo flight. I'll have to close now.

Did you get the money order for the war bond I sent from Santa Ana?

Lots of Love,
Austin

1943 Oct 21 Thursday

Hello Mother & Sis,

A few minutes till bedtime.  I didn't get to write last nite as I went to nite school.  Still enjoying the plane rides.  I had a 13 hour check by a check pilot yesterday. Pass OK.  Got the pen tonite, thanks heaps.  I'll just keep it this time and try to keep up with them both.  One boy in the room has a radio now so we do hear some music once in a while.  We signed the payrole tonight also signed up for class books $2, log books $2, squadron dance $3, laundry (?) to come out of the pay. We had watermellon tonite.  We are back eating cafeteria style again.

All I have time for tonite.
Lots and Lots of love,
Austin

Thanks for the chewing gum Sister don't need any food or anything like that we are bothered with ants getting in our lockers now. Spray them every day

Oct 23, 1943
Saturday

Hello Everyone,

Well I missed a couple days writing due to rushed up schedule. Then Friday we got orders no planes would fly that day - So we had a military day all day yesterday. 
Made our beds with white collars and prepared our room and lockers for formal inspection. Then we had a parade & pass in review before the officers & then had an "open ranks" inspection. Then
back to our rooms for a "standby" personal inspection - its 7:15 am & we still haven't been called out "flight line" so I presume we won't be flying today either.  We have ideas why but had not write anything about it but had better not write anything about it in a letter.  Nothing to be worried about though.

I sent for my new subscription of the Enterprise. And also sent a little statement for them to print.  I got a copy of the paper yesterday.  Was nice letter the Jones got from Kokomo's shipmates.

Boy it's really cold here this morning - warms up in daytime but we wear our wool sweaters in the morning and also when we fly.  The temperature goes down approximately 2 degrees for each 1000 ft. up you go.  Above 36,000 ft it is 67 degrees below zero.  We will have to have some warm clothes when we get up there.

I've asked a couple of times at least but don't remember if I got an answer or not.  Did you get the money order I sent for John to buy me another John to buy me another war bond or not?  I sent it from Santa Ana about Sept 25th.

Well we will have our regular physical training this morning I'm sure.  Haven't had any more trouble with my teeth or shoulder. Feel fit as a fiddle.

Lots of love to the sweetest,

Austin

Sunday Oct 24th, 1943

Dear Mother & Sister,

How is everything suiting you this morning? It's a beautiful day in Dos Palos today - I went into town last nite & saw a picture show - also had some little 3 for 15c pictures made - met an old farmer there that had been rejected from the Army, he wanted a picture taken in an army uniform - So we just traded equipment & had our pictures made. Here's what came out - Kinda good don't you think? Put them in the album together (ha ha).

Tell John to start increasing the cattle herd. I've decided to be a cowboy when I come back.

The upper class boys are flying today. They are a few hours behind their schedule so we may not get to fly Mon or Tues either. Then I suppose we'll be flying on Sunday when they leave - well, it's close now I need to write several letters today.

The news is coming on the radio now. Some U.S. flyers in England are going to take in a few minutes.

Love to all,
Austin


Dos Palos
Oct 25 1943 Monday

Dear Folks,

I'm back on the flight line this morning.  Had a pretty good time Saturday and Sunday plenty of rest. As we didn't fly Saturday, they gave us open post at 10 am. Usually it 7 pm. before we get off on Saturdays.  The reason all the planes were grounded last Saturday were for the mechanics to little windows on the tails of the planes so the brace rods inside the planes could be inspected daily. Just a safety measure. The class that is leaving next week is taking their cross country flight tomorrow.  They go to Fresno, Madera, and back home. My plane just came in and refueled and took Lt. Harrison up.  I am next after he gets back. He was 1st Lieutenant in the infantry before transfer to Air Corps. He was in Alaska on the Aleutian Islands. Guess you got the little picture I sent yesterday (ha ha). Is the album filled up yet? Got the letter about the bond Sunday so I'll stop worrying about that now (ha ha). I thought it had gotten lost in the mail. Sent grandpa a card yesterday. Guess he is up and OK. Well I'd better put this up as its almost time for me to go up. I'll write more tonight if possible. 
Solong for now.

later at nite

Had a nice time in the air the instructor also showed me a few acrobatics. He's really a good flyer. His name is Jesse Acombs. I got two letters from you and Sister tonight. I really enjoy them too. You said something about writing so much because I wouldn't have time to read it. I'll just take the time, so keep writing as much as you like. I haven't written to Jack but once since I've been here. Does Miss Josie Bell hear from him much? 
We have lots of flowers here at the field. Wish we allowed to have a camera. Hope Auntie feels well.


Boy, John seems to be making a good crop - most everyone else I hear from talk of how bad their crops were this year.  I noticed the 3rd War loan was over done in Lauderdale County and the U.S. as a whole also. 
I wrote Mr Paschel a little note the other day. Well its time I was studying some now. I have a work book in Weather to fill out also a 2 page worksheet in Theory - 
Good nite all, love and kisses,
Austin


I just wrote cards to
Frank W.
Frank B.
Harvie K.
Curtis Reed (Ha ha)


Oct 27, 1943

Eagle Field

Hello Mother & Sis,

Missed writing to you yesterday. We had our PT test yesterday afternoon just before supper and as soon as I ate I hit the hay.  I was the first up this morning and had a good ride. The air was calm and nice. I got your letters last nite. I always get the mail just before supper time. We go out retreat and salute the flag then march right to chow. 
The ants are giving us lots of trouble now. I had a package of life saver mints in my pocket last nite and when I got up this morning my pants were covered with ants. I had to grab another pair to wear to reveille. (ants in my pants)  I rained last nite and settled the dust.  The weather here is changing quite a bit now. There will be plenty of rain from now on out through the winter. 
We fly a different plane every day. Hardly get the same on twice a week. What did Frank Ware say about his card? Has he wanted to see my cowboy picture yet? We did chandeles, lazy eights, spins, etc. this morning.  Stalls and spins are things we practice every day. They want us to get used to spins so we won't be scared of them. And will know automatically what to do when the ship gets in an accidental spin. They are just as simple as any other maneuver we do.  We have a minimum altitude of 3000 ft. before we can do any aerobatics. Yes I always wear a parachute. There isn't much danger of the plane hurting you its usually the pilot either does or doesn't do. Walking wing tips? Well you just grab the wing tips when they come in to park, one on each side of the plane and guide the pilot into the parking place. Just a safety measure to keep you from running planes together or running the plane over someone who isn't looking. When the plane is on the ground you can't see directly in front of you because the nose is up and the tail is down. When taxiing down the runway to get out to the takeoff strip you S turns so you can see the path ahead of you. Then you look all the way down the strip and see that it is clear of other planes and head straight line wide open throttle til you leave the ground.

later at nite

Almost time for bed now. Its raining here again tonight. Flying will be nice again in the morning I'm sure though.  
Here's a couple of the 44-C invitations. They have their dance Sat. nite. And graduate Sunday. Then they move off to basic training. We become the upper class here and a new class will come in from Santa Ana, Class 44-E.
Must go to bed now.
Lot of love to the sweetest.
So long
Austin


--- PAGE 28 ---
HEADQUARTERS
AAF PILOT SCHOOL (ADVANCED 2-ENGINE)
LARFA ARMY AIR FIELD
MARFA, TEXAS
JD.I/11

DIR. OF TNG. MEMORANDUM) 28 October 1943
NUMBER 50-1-8)

TRAINING, FLYING, AT-17
Pilot-Co-pilot Procedure

I. The following division of duties between the pilot and co-pilot of Twin-Engine training airplanes will be effected immediately:

a. Duties of pilot:
(1) Prior to take-off:--
Check controls and instruments in the order prescribed by the pilot's check list with the Co-Pilot calling off from the pilot's check sheet and the Pilot answering in the prescribed manner.
Start engines.
Check to see that landing gear switch is in down position.
Have co-pilot make radio check.
Taxi to position.
Have co-pilot lock tail wheel as needed.

(2) During take-off:--
Fly airplane off airdrome.
Direct co-pilot to retract landing gear at the proper time.
Insure that airplane and engines are operating satisfactorily and that wheels are retracted.
Reduce manifold pressure to that prescribed.
Insure that co-pilot has reduced the RPI to that prescribed.

(3) Prior to landing:--
Accomplish check list.
Lower landing gear.
Lower flaps to the desired setting at the proper time.
Insure that co-pilot has set propellers at proper RPM.
Lower landing lights as required.

(4) After landing:--
Raise flaps when desired.
Insure that co-pilot has placed trim tabs to take-off setting.
Retract landing lights.
Direct co-pilot to lock or unlock tail wheel as needed.

--- PAGE 29 ---
Dir. of Tng. Memorandum 50-1-8 October 26, 1943.

b. Duties of co-pilot:

(1) Prior to take-off:
Assist pilot in checking controls and instruments in the order prescribed by the check list.
Check to see that landing gear switch is in down position.
Make radio check.
Assist pilot in taxiing to position, watching on the right side and to the rear.
Lock tail wheel as directed by pilot.

(2) During take-off:
Retract landing gear when directed by pilot.
Watch manifold pressure and signal pilot when it approaches the allowable maximum.
Reduce engine RPM to that prescribed.

(3) Prior to landing:
Assist pilot in accomplishing check list.
Lower landing gear when so directed by pilot.
Visually check the extended position of landing gear.
Lower flaps to the desired setting as directed by pilot.
Set propellers at proper RPM when so directed by pilot.
Make radio check.

(4) After Landing:
Raise flaps when so directed by pilot.
Place trim tabs at take-off setting.
Place propellers in take-off position.
Retract landing lights.
Lock or unlock tail wheel as directed by pilots.

2. The co-pilot will announce in a loud voice any action which he has taken, i.e., "Flaps going down - flaps 1/4 down - wheels up - etc."

By order of Colonel PHILLIPS:

OFFICIAL: JOHN D. NYE
Lt. Col., Air Corps,
Director of Training.

JOHN D. NYE,
Lt. Col., Air Corps,
Director of Training.
DISTRIBUTION "B"

--- PAGE 30 ---
HEADQUARTERS
AAF PILOT SCHOOL (ADVANCED 2-ENGINE)
MARFA ARMY AIR FIELD
MARFA, TEXAS
29 October 1943

DIR. OF TNG. MEMORANDUM
U.PER       62-8)

FLYING SAFETY

Emergency Escape Procedure (AT-17 Series)

I. All personnel will be instructed in the following "Emergency Escape Procedure on AT-17 Series Airplanes" to insure a thorough familiarization:

I. In has been determined by various tests that the most expeditious manner of getting out the pilot's and co-pilot's seats in the AT-17 Series Airplanes can be accomplished in the following manner:

(a) From the pilot's seat:
(1) After the safety belt is unbuckled, the pilot should grasp the assist handle on the V of the windshield with right hand, pulling the weight off the seat, and at the same time putting the right foot aft on the main spar. The seat pack chute can easily be lifted over the seats. The emergency release handle for the door can be actuated by the left hand before any attempt is made to turn around.
(2) With practice, this entire maneuver can be accomplished in approximately five (5) seconds.

(b) From the co-pilot's seat:
(1) This procedure is followed almost identically except the assist handle is grasped with the left hand and the left foot is moved aft on to the main spar.

II. The important thing to remember is to always back out of the seat. Never try to turn around and face the rear of the airplane in getting out of the seats.

By order of Colonel PHILLIPS:

OFFICIAL:
JOHN D. WYNNE,
Lt. Col., Air Corps, Director of Training.
DISTRIBUTION "B"

--- PAGE 31 ---
MARFA - 396
EAST TOWER - 3770
SADN 1+2 - 4000
1-445 - 3570

BUILDING AREA
PARKING
APRON

--- PAGE 32 ---
After he gets back we was 1st Lieutenant in the Infantry before transfer to Air Corps.

He was in Alaska on the Aleutian Islands.

Guess you got the little pictures I sent yesterday (ha ha) do the album

I got a letter from you and Betty tonight. So really do enjoy them too, you asked something about not writing so filled up yet? But the letters went this week Sunday to Air Corp worrying about that now (run on)

I thought maybe it had gotten lost in the mail sent Grandpa a card also yesterday guess he is still eye & o.t.

We have been here since June - Does Joe Bell head from him much?

Will I better next this egg

Write more tonight as its about time for me to go up-ell Write more tonight if possible, so long for now

Yours At nite! Glad to Price Time hope Auntie is feeling well.
