Dec. 5, 1943

Dear Mother,

Have been real busy today packing everything up & getting cleared through all these offices etc. We have had nothing but formations this morning. We leave at 12 tonite. I have already packed all my belongings & shipped them on ahead of me by truck. We are having a formation in about 15 minutes to get our class books & log books. I intend to send along with the class book.

I got a nice letter from Wilbur Driver last nite. I had a nice time while in Fresno too. I had no trouble at all getting there. I got your letter a ride to & from there. I'll write as soon as possible when I get to Lancaster. I hear the name of the field is "War Eagle" (haha)

Time for the next formation so let's say good bye now with lots of love to all.

Love,
Austin

Don't need a thing, yes you can send my leather bag to me when you get my new address please.

--- PAGE 2 ---
Dear Folks,

I left Eagle Field at 12:00 last nite & had a long ride on a bus and arrived here at 8:30 this morning without much sleep. Have been really jumping around today. We were met by a bunch of upper class student officers who had a lot of fun with us. Everyone has to get their hair cut real short again. We are waiting for an inspection now. Had a nice meal except for having to sit at attention with both feet flat on floor at 45° angle. Several had to stand up in their chairs & sing the Army air corps song etc. All quiet a bit of fun anyway. Kinda an initiation.


Sunday
Dec 5,1943

--- PAGE 3 ---
Will clock now. I think I will like it fine here.
Love,
Austin.

--- PAGE 4 ---
Monday the 6th
Way Eagle Field

Dear Jack,
Here's the other letter to
Jack sent you last night. Take the one
you got exactly right. I hate it when I think of will
have a few moments to spare now.
My this end please.

We got Jane White yet. My
sister heard from White yet. My
letters and at Mom's too, new address)
her to send me with
when she get the mail. The post office place is just where they want us
to go and we'll have to back elle we have no
place to go and we'll have to have a lot of picture cop. Wear his
hat in my hat) & take all the
it along. Most of the boys to
grammit in my hat.
At Sandy Gru who were shot too.
Right sleeve insignia the
King City came in here last nite too.
We are having a formation pretty
B.T. (Basic Train) here. I will fly
over so we'll leave you here behind
Queen and lots of Austin
The must field'd go to. Then into
the regular fighting ships

Like it here fine!

--- PAGE 5 ---
We have this place really shining - The floors waxed so the officers will slip down if they come in (ha ha). Our hair has to be 1½ inches long & we have to double time (trot) everywhere we go around the post until we start flying- call attention for all upper-classmen. We have 5 minutes from first call to be out in ranks for reveille. It's pretty cool here. Snow on the mountain tops right on each side of us - we're in a valley. The planes are really buzzing around today.

The meals here are even nicer than any place I have been. Ladies serve us & the food is a balanced diet supervised by a special Army dietitian. Several of the boys have to stand up in their chairs & sing or put on acts at meal times - We have to eat like gentlemen - Only our hand above the table - feet flat on the floor, knife & fork across plate when not in use. Sit erect, no loud talking, say "please pass the food" & thank you.

We go to school 3 hours, take P.T. 1 hr. of drill about 30 minutes- The upper classmen wear white gloves. Fly the rest of the day

--- PAGE 6 ---
Dec. 7, 1943
Tuesday

Dear Mother and Sister,
Don't know what our plans for the afternoon are but we haven't been called out all morning yet. We cleaned the bay up again and waxed the floor nice and have been waiting around the rest of the time - We had our teeth examined yesterday and got our flying equipment issued - I got a heavy leather sheep lined coat, pants, gloves & boots. Even heavier than the one in this picture I'm sending along- The pants have zippers up each leg from top to bottom - we also got a light weather flight jacket, flying suit (cotton), wool sweater, sun glasses, and some school books etc.
We sent out laundry & cleaning off yesterday also. We have fried eggs for breakfast all we can eat.
I got 4 wool blankets & 2 sheets for my bed & really do sleep nice & warm. Am enjoying this rest we are getting before starting our regular schedule too - There were more Cadets Came in last nite from Thunderbird Field

--- PAGE 7 ---
What's going on around the form? I guess the crops are gathered and everyone is looking forward to Christmas. Self We don't get "openpost" this weekend so may be a little late with my gifts.

Oh me, they just called the Section Members A Squad 1,2 & 3 to the orderly room. Something going to happen now! We are due to get some lectures & physical inspections soon.

I see by the papers that the Conferences Stalin, Roosevelt, and Churchill were a success. No one in this room has a radio but someone will probably get one soon. We can't use electric razors here except before 7 A.M because they interfere with the radio communications in the planes.

We are about 80 miles NE from Los Angeles & 5 miles from Lancaster. Did you like the 44-D Class book?

Did I send you a picture of Herkey, a little black dog with helmet & goggles on? It's almost time for dinner now so I'd guess we'll have a busy afternoon so I'll stop presently.

Later: Back from chow, yes we're having P.T. in a few minutes & then an inspection immediately afterwards. I'm already dressed in my sweat suit.

--- PAGE 8 ---
We have already agreed that no one will take a shower after P.T. until after the inspection. This place is really looking nice now and we want to make a good impression.

For my income tax I have made $50 a month for 6 months and $75 a month for 5, a total of $675. Not counting any expenses. We have had several deductions made for insurance, gross seed, clothing etc.

Well see have to go now. Bye
and lot o' love to all -  
Austin

--- PAGE 9 ---
Dear Mother,

We just had lunch and are ready to start our ground school. We had a talk by some of the flying officers & the Commandant Cadets this morning. This really is the best Basic School in the U.S. & think - It is the only civilian operated one in the U.S., too. The instructors are experienced pilots with 6 and 8 thousand flying hours while the regular Army schools have young Lieutenants as instructors who have had maybe 1 year or 300 hours of flying etc.

Being a civilian school doesn't mean that there isn't army discipline here. It is really strict and will make for the best Pilots and officers in the Army - They have the best accident record, one Squadron has flown over 14,000 hours without a single accident. Each day the Squadrons

--- PAGE 10 ---
Flying time since their last accident is put on the Board. If they have an accident the Cadet who has it has to go up before the bunch and erase the time & put all zeros & start over again - So you see that makes everyone be very careful what they do.

Today in school we are having exploratory exams in Meteorology, Navigation, Aircraft Identification, and radio Code - Just to find out what we know about each subject so they want waste any unnecessary time teaching the same thing twice.

Boy, we just got our first mail from Dos Palos & there is a card from you in it. Almost time to go so I'll say so long. Love to all,

Austin

P.S. The P.A.F used this school up until Aug 1941 for training

--- PAGE 11 ---
Monday
Polaris Flight Academy
War Eagle Field
Dec. 13, 1943

Dear folks,
I had my first ride in the Vultee today.
Boy was it a different feeling altogether than
the Ryan's - you feel like you're in a
big Cadillac floating around. They are
so heavy the wind doesn't toss them around,
just like getting out of a red light V-8 Ford
into a great big Buick. Think I'll like
it O.K.
Only flew around the pattern today
as an introduction to it. There are so many
instruments to watch too. We are really
going to have a busy schedule. Didn't
get any mail from you to this address yet.

Say if we don't get paid before Christmas
and do happen to get a Sat & Sunday pass that
weekend I may have to write a check.
I guess
there is some money in my name at the Bank
isn't it? We didn't get off last Sat. and I don't
expect to this one either - you get sister and

--- PAGE 12 ---
John a present for me and sister get mother one. Take the money out of the bank. I had rather get them myself but it looks like I won't even see a town before Dec 25th. I intend to go to Los Angeles Christmas if we get a full 2 day pass.

Went to church last night. We have a chaplin here 3 days a week. I guess we have to shave at night - we get up at fall out to Neville 5 minutes after we get first call. Then go straight to breakfast & are in school 40 minutes after breakfast. We have to make over beds clean the place up & put everything in order. The school is pretty interesting.

You said Otho had come back. Where do they live now?

It's 2:20 now so I'll say good nite & lots of love - Austin

--- PAGE 13 ---
My instructors name is Mr. Catron. He calls himself the flying Dutchman - I fly with 3 other students here - Morey, Munoz, Weinrich and myself - you never did tell me what to call myself did you? (haha) I did get some Christmas cards from the P.T. Not very appropriate but they will do I guess. I have already sent several. Mrs Stiles Wright, M.Bate, do you know anyone else I should send one too around home? Ill send the Suckvans one too.
I better stop now & get ready for bed. Everything still making out O.K. Tell Auntie and Grandpa Merry Christmas for me.
Love,
Austin

--- PAGE 14 ---
Tuesday 15th
War Eagle Field
Polaris Flight Academy

Dear Folks,

I got my first letters from you today. Thanks for the Christmas Card too. I think I still have Cousin William's letter. I'll send it to you.

Yes, I just heard from Edna that she was sick with flu. Glad to hear that she is up while I was in Fresno I got her present. I should have gotten yours too but thought I would be in town again before Christmas. I got a ring with 5 ruby sets. Something like that. Size 6½ is that about right? (ha ha) That's not her birthstone but her birthday is in April!

I wrote a check for $20 on my account to be sure there is enough money in my name to take care of it. I would note for the check to bounce. I thought maybe John might have drawn most all of it out.

That's the first one written since she been in the Army. I did buy some more clothes. Pante 15, Shift 900, Cop 3-50

--- PAGE 15 ---
I was up for an hour today and got quite a thrill out of the new plane. We are going to get a lot of blind flying here. We get under a hood where we can't see a thing but our instrument panels in the cockpit. Our instructor will sit in the front cockpit to watch for other planes and to give us any help we might need while learning. You take off the runway & everything without even seeing a thing. You have to believe in your instruments. Sometimes it feels like you are turning or diving at most anything but really you are going level or just opposite to what you would think.

In ground school we have to make an average 70 or stay in our all "open pot" periods - and make an average 85 or go to night school for a week following our low grade. This school just turned out its 15,000th Combat Pilot this week. We have an R.A.F pilot as Squadron Commander.

--- PAGE 16 ---
Friday Dec 17, 1943

Dear Mother & all,

Didn't get to write much lately. I have been flying every day - am learning a lot more now & find I still have lots to learn. We are studying Radios & Radio Navigation, Meteorology, Radio Code, etc. We talk from plane to plane & plane to ground at any time we want to. We have special communication procedures to follow - two three nine as: Kello Eagle Power, this is no 239 out local over they answer "Two Three Nine from Eagle Power Roger". That means go ahead.

I got the package with the pecans last night & we really had a big time eating them. They weren't ruined on the farm were they! I like these planes better every day. No don't not flying the P-39 that you sent a picture of - it may at the next base though. I flew a PT 22 at Eagle & a BT 13 here at War Eagle.

--- PAGE 17 ---
It's time for dinner now -
We play this afternoon -
Come to call,
Austin

--- PAGE 18 ---
Sunday Dec 19, 1943

Dear Folks,

It's raining here, and won't seem to stop. We did get out last nite - I saw a show and went to the USO entertainment for a little while. They served doughnuts & coffee. I slept this morning late and have been writing letters and Christmas cards all afternoon.

I got a package of this stationery - Each sheet is a different color & has a funny picture or saying at the top.
Did you get my income tax all paid up O.K.? You mean I won't have to pay any tax on the 1943 income until after

--- PAGE 19 ---
We don't wear helmets & goggles here in these planes. They have closed cockpits with heaters in them too.

Are you having a tree at home & at sisters too - or a combined one for all! It's impossible for me to be there as you understand. I hope you all have a merry Christmas and I know I'll have one here - Tell Mr Johnnie hello if he's around - where does he live now?

I better stop now - Tell sister and John hello. Hope Auntie and grandpa are feeling fine.

Love
Austin

--- PAGE 20 ---
the War! I have gotten several cards already - I have got a job. Cleaning this place up today & getting ready for Monday morning. We have news papers apple cores etc all around - we are still enjoying the pecans and I was almost out of oranges blacked - yes sir glad you decided to wait till after the leather bag. I just wanted it by the time I was ready to leave here.

Most all to boys went into Los Angeles last nite but I came back here for the nite. Its about 75 miles & they hitchhiked in. One just came back with wet feet. I hear the mail room is stacked with mail. We'll get it about 8:30 tonite. They don't usually open on Sundays (ha ha) but they are running out of space (ha ha). Well I'll send you Husky pictures - I thought & had already sent it - we have about 5 dogs here at this field too - one named "Tailwheel" one "Polaris" etc

--- PAGE 21 ---
Dec 23,1943
Wednesday nite

Dear Mother & Sir,

Just a moment to write but everything's swell - I got the presents today. Thanks a lot, they are really pretty. I can use them some and guess what! Can't wear the chain swinging outside like a civilian (haha) Boy you should have been here to our Christmas Dinner tonight - I'll send you out menu list in a few days. We really had the nicest meal ever & sang Christmas songs afterwards. We are getting passed tomorrow afternoon after finishing flying & ground school. Edna sent me a crash bracelet. Almost every Cadet wears one - a little chain bracelet with a name plate on it. I also got several cards today.

--- PAGE 22 ---
Christmas Menu  
1943  

Grapefruit Supreme  

Utah Celery Green Onions Radishes  

Chicken Okra Louisiana  

Roast Young Tom Turkey Herb Dressing Giblet Gravy Cranberry Sauce  

Fresh Green Garden Peas Baked Hubbard Squash Candied Sweet Potatoes  

Lettuce, Avocado Tomato Salad  

Hot Mince Pie Brandy Sauce  

Coffee Milk  

California Oranges Washington Apples

--- PAGE 23 ---
We have received several big boxes here in this room. Some boys got cheese & crackers, cookies, pies, cakes (fruit) Roasted peanuts, English walnuts, candies of all kinds. & every time one gets a box everyone helps him eat it up. (Raha) Our lockers are stuffed with Christmas stuff. I have 2 big slices of mince pie & some candy oranges, apples, pecans etc in mine.

I have been flying the plane solo for a day or two. It's a lot more to this one than the little light one. I was the first one of our group to solo here also. One of our boys scraped a wing tip on the take off yesterday but got it straightened out without getting hurt. I think everyone on the ground was more scared than he. The plane was grounded & we got another one for the rest of the day. We are flying off one of our auxiliary fields now and it

--- PAGE 24 ---
is sure nice - 3000 ft runways and plenty open country all around. Well I must close now. Thanks again for everything and I hope you enjoyed your Christmas. I have another one of those pictures like I sent you. Does Sister want one of them too? You'll have a whole room full just of my pictures soon won't you!

Good nite All

With Worlds of Love,
Austin

P.S. We have a little dog here in the room with us tonite. His name is "Tailwheel". He's lying on one of the boys bed. He goes with us in the bus over to the Antiflak fields & watches the planes take off and land. When we first arrived here, he's part of our initiation. The upper class made us salute him every time we saw him & we couldn't touch him either - all that is over now though. We're waiting for the next class to come in

--- PAGE 25 ---
Mrs WH Winn
Henning, Tenn.

Dear Austin,

Just got outta bed and
was going to get breakfast
got off from Lancaster
at 4:30 P.M. & was in L.A. by
5:40 P.M. about 80 miles
Caught a ride all the
way in in about 10 minutes.
Am going back on broad tonight.
So long + merry Christmas

Love, Austin

--- PAGE 26 ---
Greetings from L.A. 199 California

--- PAGE 27 ---
1943 Sunday nite

Dear Mother & Sister,

We're back home again. Got up at 6:20 this morning and got a bus back to Lancaster. Had a pretty nice time in L.A. Right over to see Jack though - Don't guess he was there anyway. We have the room locked down with Candy now. It's almost time for bed now. We are back to flying again in the morning

--- PAGE 28 ---
P.S.: That other picture I have like I sent you - I thought I might send it to Mary P. What do you think? Do you want it Sister?

--- PAGE 29 ---
Dec. 29, 1943
Wednesday

Hello Mother & Sis,

How's the new year doing where you are? Well it's not quiet here yet but will be by the time you receive this. We aren't flying today as its raining again - we are flying Saturday & Sunday though, weather willing.

We may fly out to a field in Arizona for a week or two. Next week though we have a cross-country trip planned which is over 250 miles long. We leave War Eagle & fly to Mojave, then to Anyokern, then south to Helendale, then west to Daggett and back east to War Eagle - Our snow is all melting.

I have a lot of Christmas cards in pending home some time this week. Say I got one from James D. Robinson, isn't that Dallas! The last time you sent me an address of his he was in the Army

--- PAGE 30 ---
When did he get out?

It's almost time for supper now so I'll have to close soon. Along with the cards is a magazine Bulaero - it's a publication of the Flying Schools run by this guilds owner - Calero, Polaris etc.

We're listening to Eddie Cantor on the radio now. How is grandpa & auntie how? I hope the weather isn't too cold there.

Lot o love to all,
Austin
