--- PAGE 1 ---
Sept. 1943 Sunday 5th

Hello Sister,
Guess I had better write you a letter now. I usually address most of them to mother so she can go ahead & open them even if you aren't there but I mean them for both of you.
I went into Santa Ana last nite & had a pretty good time shopping & looking around. Bought me a hat & shirt. Spent several pennies at the "Penny Arcade", a place with lots o' games & fun still. Bowled a game with a couple of fellow Cadets & came back to the Base on the Bus last nite.

--- PAGE 2 ---
Got up at 7:15 I had a good breakfast & have been repairing my clothing + sewing (patches, insignias) on my shirts. Had a picture made but it will be about 15 or 20 days before it will be ready they say.

About Edna & myself. No we are not engaged. At least I haven't asked her. Don't know yet what she do I seem to like too many girls and not really love any particular one. (haha) Guess that can all wait till later though. What do you think? I may be an ole Bachelor though if I don't hurry.

I hope you are feeling better and back at the old routine again. Wish I could help eat some of those squirrels John killed.

Love & heaps o'it
Austin

Had to add my Army Serial No. to my address - 14166970
Yes Allen Winn is in my Sqdr. He is writing letters too with me now

--- PAGE 3 ---
CHECK LIST - AT-17
Marfa Army Air Field
ed 6 September 1943

CO-PILOT will call off items and PILOT will inspect each called off and signify compliance by replying "checked."

A. VISUAL CHECK (Made by pilot and co-pilot)
1. Wings and fuselage for tears in fabric.
2. Pitot tube - cover OFF.
3. Nacelle fasteners - locked.
4. Tires - proper inflation, no bubbles.
5. Rudder, elevators, ailerons, tail wheel.
6. Chocks - to be in front of wheels.
7. Pilot enter plane and call off control movements; co-pilot remain outside and make visual checks for proper movement, calling results to pilot.

B. STARTING PROCEDURE
1. Prime both engines - 4 to 6 shots.
2. Maintain 2-3 lbs pressure in the fuel lines using wobble pump.
3. Start left engine first (Check ammeter for charge)
4. Turn magneto switch on immediately after engine starts.
5. Change propeller to low pitch at 50 lbs oil pressure.
6. Start right engine (Check ammeter for charge)
7. Turn magneto switch on immediately after engine starts.
8. Change propeller to low pitch at 50 lbs oil pressure.
9. Don't pump throttles.

BEFORE STARTING ENGINES
1. Check Form IA - note malfunctioning parts.
2. Fasten parachute and safety belt.
3. Lock parking brake.
4. Trim tabs neutral - unlock tail wheel.
5. Gas Valves - selector on BOTH; tank selector on fullest tank. Cross Feed OFF.
6. Throttle column - mixture control RICH; oil temperature as desired; carburetor heat COLD; propellers in high pitch; throttles cracked.
7. Master switch - turn on and check electrical gauges.
8. Cage gyros.
9. Generator switches ON; flap switch neutral; landing gear switch DOWN.
10. Check air speed selector valve (UP)

D. AFTER STARTING ENGINES
1. Turn on radio.
2. Set altimeter.
3. Uncage gyros.
4. Call in for taxi instructions and have chocks pulled.
5. Taxi and take-off with propellers in low pitch.
6. Taxi with carburetor heat on.

--- PAGE 4 ---
AUSTIN WIMM

RE-CHECK BEFORE TAKE-OFF
1. Trim tabs.
2. Gas valves.
3. Throttle column.
4. Engine, master, and generator switches.
5. Engine instruments.
6. Gyros.
7. Altimeter.
8. Light switches and landing gear switch - landing gear switch DOWN.
9. Check magneto at 1500 RPM. Run engines up to take-off power, retard throttles, return carburetor heat to cold and turn Cross Feed ON.
10. After take-off, co-pilot enters exact time of take-off.

H. COMPLETION OF LANDING ROLL
1. Unlock tail wheel.
2. Raise flaps.
3. Propeller pitch full low.
4. Trim tabs neutral.

I. TAXING PROCEDURE
1. Tail wheel locked, except while turning and taxiing in parking area.
2. Change taxi direction by use of throttles.
3. Use brakes only as necessary.

F. TRAFFIC PATTERN PROCEDURE
1. Brake wheels, raise gear, pilot and co-pilot hold up finger to indicate gear up.
2. Cross feed OFF after leaving traffic pattern.

TRAFFIC PROCEDURE - LANDING
1. Landing gear down below 120 mph (Check indicator then lean forward and observe wheel) Pilot and co-pilot hold finger down to indicate gear is down.
2. Fuel selector on fullest tank. Cross feed ON.
3. Quadrant mixtures full rich; Propeller controls adjust to 2000 RPM.
4. Use flaps as needed; do not lower at speeds in excess of 108 mph.
5. Maintain approach glide 90 mph.
6. Final approach - CARBURETOR HEAT ON.
7. Check readings of all instruments and gauges.

J. PARKING AIRPLANE
1. Parking brakes ON.
2. Carburetor Heat COLD.
3. Run engines at 1,000 RPM. Slowly return props to low RPM.
4. Pull throttles all the way back.
5. Mixture - TIE CUT OFF.
6. Switches OFF.
7. Radio OFF.
8. Controls LOCKED.
9. See that chocks are under wheels before leaving airplane, then release parking brakes.
10. Complete Form 1 and make necessary notations in Form IA.

NOTE: Disregard instruction on propeller pitch settings on airplanes with wooden propellers and substitute the following:
1. Take-off, full throttle.
2. Climb, 110 mph, do not exceed "23" manifold pressure or 2000 RPM.
3. Cruising: Normal, do not exceed 1900 or 20". Maximum, do not exceed 2500, 21".

--- PAGE 5 ---
Sept. 6/1943
Monday

Dear Folks,

Labor Day! I guess you are still laboring too. Maybe the Colored Boys took off today. We're still going with our regular rush to prom classes. Held about 2 minutes before this class starts so I thought it'd begin a letter anyway.

We are having a Squadron Party in Los Angeles on the 18th of Sept. at the Coconut Grove. Hope my slippers don't here by then as they old ones are all worn out. Time to pay attention to class now and am in plane identification. Today we are learning the B-26 Martin Marauder - 71 ft wingspan, the C-46 Curtiss Commando - 108 ft wingspan and the P-47 Republic Thunderbolt - 41 ft wingspan.

I went to the show last nite & saw Victory Through Airpower. It really is a good show and shows how that strategy & planning on how we will win with long range bombers flying from here to Japan & back non-stop. The B-24 Liberator Bomber is 110 ft wingspan. That's almost twice as long as our horse ###. The ones they are building now are 150 ft or over.

Got a letter from Carl today also Jack.
Tonight we see D. King the bookkeeper again and cleaning the floors. We lacked 3/8 of 1 point being the best Squadron in the whole Pilot School this last week. King glad is really good though & we are trying to get next week.

We got our Squadron Pictures today, he send them to you tomorrow. I am the 6th from the left in the middle row if you have trouble finding me - We are in our everyday clothes. Alvin Wink is the 7th from the right in the arm row - Over Cabin Commander a 2nd Lieutenant is sitting by the big sign with the little bar on his cap.

--- PAGE 6 ---
They are paying over $1900 for our Squadron Party at the Coconut Grove and the band cost $400. Be sure & try to get the shoes here by then. Guess a letter got to work now and sleep scrub the floors - it 7 P.M. now Made 93 on Physics & 93 on Maps & Charts tests today.

Later 7:30 PM.
Boy what a job! We really scrubbed that floor til it white. Had plenty help though. 75 guys all working & singing at the top of their voices about 30 minutes till lights out so you got to get everything back in its proper place. Love to all
Guess you'll get the picture in a day or 2 -

--- PAGE 7 ---
Sept 1943 Tuesday Nite

Dear Mother,

How is everyone today? I got a notice that there was a package in the post office for me so I am sure they are the shoes. Thanks a lot tell John. I didn't get to mail the pictures today will try it tomorrow for sure.

Washed my hair tonight and did a little reading. I bought me a new hat and had to sew a blue ribbon band around its.

Have you found the Susanna policy yet? I can't remember where it is exactly but I'm sure it isn't laying around loose anywhere. It should have been either in the safe or in your papers at the house. Guess you got a pretty good price for the stock.

I go back to the dentist tomorrow for more drilling. My teeth are in good shape now they were really bad.

--- PAGE 8 ---
Got a letter from Corl today also finally heard from Jack today. Just had some chocolate ice cream. We usually get some going lite before going to bed. Last nite after the G.I. party we sent a boy ours and got a dozen Pints of Cream.

Time for hed now so see say goodbye. Am using my electric razor every day now & finally got kinda used to shaving with it! My face is smooth now & don't have any those pimples anymore - ask John how is the law and order around there now. Looks like the people are kinda well from the court records in the paper. Looks like little Sid is still mean as ever too.

Yes you can check and see how much money I have in the bank when it's convenient.

--- PAGE 9 ---
Sept 13 1943 Sunday Nite

Dear Mother,

Am back at home again after a nice week-end off. I called Jack Friday nite & told him I meet him in Los Angeles at 7 P.M., that's about 50 miles away from here. I really was lucky too. We worked all day Saturday & got off at 5:30 P.M. & caught a taxi if got to L.A. at 10 till 7 and there was Jack. He told me all about the Marines. We had a big time talking of we had a big time talking. I didn't go to sleep til about 1:30. Got up at 7:30 ate breakfast & he came back to the base with me because I had his parole as usual. He ate lunch here with us. We wrote you & his mother a cord last nite while in L.A.

--- PAGE 10 ---
I have a picture here we took a couple weeks ago out at Balboa Beach. The other guys are in this Squadron. They sure look little beside me don't they! One is Robert Younger from Sedalys, Missouri & Robert Zulo from Kansas City & I don't know the other guy's name.
I have not had time to write you much this past week - Will try to write more often next week. I told you about the Rifle Range didn't we left early last week? What to one morning last week at what to one morning last week at rifle range - Find the Beach of rifle range - Find all kinds of weapons & sworn all day. Got a rebel sun burned face too it's ok again now though. I got some jergon lotion & use once in a while. Have got to bat my bunk now & get these lights out. Love to all Austin

--- PAGE 11 ---
Sept. 1943 Tuesday nite
14th

Dear Mother & All,
Got your letters today. Also one from Wilbur! Will send it along it was so nice. They have some new P-51's flying around here this afternoon. They are a new fighter type plane of ours. Have I more weeks o classes here counting the one. Will get through around the 4th of this month.
We have several tests again tomorrow. I really should study my physics some so will have to stop with only these few lines. Ha ha that was funny about the blots on the cards - Ran the obstacle course again today. Am still heavy, weigh 180 or more as you can see in the picture -
Jones Austin
I sent you a kodak picture of me in a bathing suit didn't I?

--- PAGE 12 ---
1943 Tuesday Nite Sept 21st

Dear Mother,

Have not had time to write for the last week it seems. I finished up all the classes today and passed on everything. We will be leaving in about a week. Yes the shoes were real nice I had to send them back though and get some 10s instead. I got them back today and they are another type of shoe but I like them even better & think.

The weather here has really been cool at Kello. I sleep under wool blankets and every morning it is so foggy you can hardly see. But later in the day the sun beams out & its ready to blister you again by 3 P.M. Glad Elma got to come down to see you. You say she has gained some weight, makes her look better doesn't it! I will get the picture about next Friday & think then it'll take a few days before it reaches you. Have more teeth to get filled Friday too. Mrs. Cultura another Wisdom tooth. Have I already & he filled them both (haha)

Don't think we'll go out this weekend maybe into Santa Ana. The Transportation is

--- PAGE 13 ---
so scarce out here & I noticed in the paper tonight that The Pacific Electric Railway Co was going on strike Friday That's the way most boys go into Los Angeles I know John is busy gathering the crops The price of hogs is still good saw a picture in the paper about SAAB) thought you might like to read it Wild love to close now and shine my shoes got in the morning Love to all Austin

--- PAGE 14 ---
Saturday nite,
Sept. 25, 1943

Dear Folks,

Well & have a bit o' time tonight so
Will send you a few more lines. How is
everyone? The Pacific Electric Transportation
Company went on a strike Friday and No
soldiers in the Western Defence Command
got Week-end passes. I hadn't planned to go
out any way but lots of the boys were
planning on a big week-end that Leje
around here close. This was out last
Week-end here anyway.

I got the Studio pictures this
afternoon and sent them to you. You
and sister can decide which pictures you
want. I sent Edna one like the Big One.
Am sending a money order along and
have John buy another bond & put it
like all the others with your name on
it too.

I took my P.T. tests this morning but
have improved lots since last time. I did
114 sit ups instead o' 76 before and could have
done more but that gave a score of 100.
10 chin ups & ran the 300 yd. shuttle in
49 sec. Am so heavy I'm not too good on the
Pull-ups (ha ha) (OVER)

--- PAGE 15 ---
Seem to have quiet a bit to write about this time. Must have not written in several days. Friday I had to go back in the pressure chamber. They seem to have lost my records of the other trip made at O.K. except I got the toothache at 38,000 ft. The same tooth they filled here the second time must have been a little air left under the filling. The air or gas expands 5 times its original volume when you go up that high so it's really pushing on that nerve. I stayed up though & it quit hurting when we got down to 30,000. We have to undo our belts & unbutton our pants in the waist as your stomach really swells up. Haha! Then Friday I went back to the dentist & got another tooth filled the one that hurt is O.K. except at the low pressures. We took 3 psychological tests Friday also I had a lecture in military hygiene + first aid this morning. Then today we had a chance to change our status to aviation students if we wanted to. There was no benefit in it for me but it gave married men a chance to make

--- PAGE 16 ---
More money as they could get allotments for their wives & dependents but couldn't as Aviation Cadets. Also former enlisted men that had ratings as sergeants, coop., etc. Could change to aviation students & get their former base pay plus 50% flying pay. Aviation Cadets get $75 without any allotments, etc. & flying pay - a former sergeant will now draw $200 a month instead of $75- not bad eh! No need for me to change though - I'm not leaving here 'til the 1st of next month.

That's about all the news I can think of at the present. Don't guess I'll see Carl while here. How is grandpa and Auntie? I met Snout! Another fellow named Wiss while at the pressure chamber Thurs. He was from Colorado - Send the name of the place where Eula is again- never mind, I found the letter just now. I thought maybe I might get closer when I go to primary. Suene would like to be there to get some of those chicken dinners. Along now I have several other letters I need to write.
Love to all,
Austin

--- PAGE 17 ---
1947

Monday 27th

Dear Mother & Sis,

How is everyone today? I'm feeling O.K. Just got back from the dentist again and he finished me up. I think I have more lead in my mouth than I have teeth now. So many of the old fillings had gone bad.

Mailed some packages to you this morning—little stuff I didn't have room to carry around with me. Keep the fountain pen for me till I need it.

I sent that old pair of shoes home. Don't know if they were worth the postage or not, but maybe you can give them to someone for a little work. Does Charles still help you any?

Well, I got my laundry back this morning. Guess I had better straighten it up and put things in place—Will try to write more this afternoon & tonight.

Later Night—Well we had a track meet this afternoon then a good supper. After supper Father & myself played basketball till it got so dark we couldn't see. Just took a shower & am ready for bed.

--- PAGE 18 ---
They rearranged the barracks this morning & I had to move my bed down stairs. We are either going to Waycross Ga. or Doa Palos. Both are a little ways south east from San Francisco.

Got your letter today. I was glad to hear about the cats too. (chabot) Grandpa really is holding up well isn't he? The boys are having a regular Virginia Reel in the hay loft tonight (captains). They have a Swedish harp going & are really kicking up their heels & singing Pistols Packing Mamas etc.

Well I'll have to say good nite now. Lots Love,
Austin

--- PAGE 19 ---
To Austin & Weim, 10/6/47

93% of all Crude Oil produced in the state comes from Southern California; some fields being so closely drilled that from a distance they resemble forests.

Sylvie 36 St. Ste. 2
Santa Ana
Hello Mother & Sister,
How's everything to 10/43?
It's a little lousy around here tonight. And through.
With all my academic tests I passed on everything.
Will be around for a few more days though.
But John don't get time to do any hunting now.
Does he advise the Captain is R-2
being picked. Love, Austin

--- PAGE 20 ---
896 A SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA OIL FIELD
SIGNAL HILL LONG BEACH

--- PAGE 21 ---
1943

Tuesday Sept 28.

Dear Mother,

Am still here, guess you'll be as glad as I am when I finally get to where I'm going. We are at least getting a little set up before we leave—guess we will have to begin wearing our wool clothes the 1st of Oct. Hope not though. Heard from Jack Siler & Paul Sales both & look said they were expecting to be moved in a few days. Paul is doing fine in the Navy. He is going to a Radar School. Will soon be aboard ship he says. Will add his address at the last of the letter. Has it stopped raining so much yet? John had no trouble getting his classification renewed did he! I got the Lee County paper today & saw Clifford's poem in it.
