1944
Jan 1st

Hello Mom,
I came up to the room just a moment so will drop you a line - I had already written you the card while standing down on the street -
I just met a couple cadets from our field and we are going to see a show or so- Hope you and all having a swell time-
Lot Love,
Austin

--- PAGE 2 ---
"Flying Tiger" The ships made famous and used by Brig. Gen. Claire L. Chennault's A.V.G. in China with such disastrous results to the "Japs". The above used by Major John Chennault's group in Alaska.

--- PAGE 3 ---
A/C Austin H Winn
1084 AAF FTD Class 44D
Lancaster Calif - Jan 6 37
Hello Mother,
I'm in Los Angeles again. We got out again this week end.
Have you gotten the picture yet? Will go back in the morning on Bus. Am writing standing up.
Look Austin

Jan 2nd, Sunday, 1:30 pm
Dear Mom,

Well I'm back at home again. I got up at 7:15 in order to catch the 8:15 bus out. I could have stayed longer.  took a chance on hitch-hiking but I like to have time to spare. I went into Lancaster yesterday afternoon without a thought of going any further. But no stores were open or not even a place to get a sandwich or coke so I said I'd just see what I can do about this. I stepped out on the highway & after a couple cars had passed I got a ride all the way to L.A., just like that. Then I went into a hotel that is usually where you have a time getting a place to stay. But 2 soldiers were there with a triple room which the Hotel wouldn't rent without 3 soldiers for it so I was Johnnie on the spot again. They are pretty nice to the service men here. The civilians can hardly buy a ticket on a bus on the weekends. Everyone on the bus I came back on were soldiers.

600 Modern Fireproof Rooms All with Tub and Shower Bath
Garage in Hotel Building

--- PAGE 5 ---
Here's the picture of the plane I would like to fly if I don't get a heavy bomber. I had already signed up for heavy Bombardment though while at Santa Ana. Either one will suit me. I'm not hard to please just so we can hurry and get this war over and get back home again.

I got a nice picture from one of the girls in 
Oshkosh. Boy she is good looking too. And a big box of cakes, candy, etc., a magazine & a nice box of Air Corp Air Mail Stationery. I'll write my next letter on it. From Dotty (ha ha). She is the little Hi-School girl. She just keeps writing to me. I like to get the letters but it's nothing serious. Say has Edna ever gotten the ring yet? I can't imagine what happened to it. She didn't have it Dec 30 but maybe she has now.

I had a nice lunch here on the Base. It is awful the way you have to stand in line out here to eat, see a show & everything else you want to do.

Well mother I hope you are all doing just swell back there & aren't freezing. Looks like we might have some good weather now for a while.
Love to All,
Austin

Jan 3, 1944, Monday nite

Dearest Mother & Sis,
I received a couple letters from you today and was glad to hear you had a nice time around Xmas. Well we got back to flying again today and they also started us on Link training at nite.
Some of the boys have to stay up & then go fly those "links" from 10:30 to 11:30
then go fly those "links" from 10:30 to
I was lucky enough to not have
to go tonite. I'll probably get it
tomorrow nite though. They have 1 hr. periods beginning at 7:30 PM to 11:30.
We have our Cross Country flight all worked out & will fly it in a day or two.

This is the stationery that I got from Wisc. We're listening to the Bumbsteads on the radio now. (Ha ha) a little Shine boy just came in & one guy is writing a letter with one foot setting on the Shine Box getting his shoes shined. 

We had T-Bone steaks for supper tonite. We wore our overcoats and gloves.
Have you heard any word from Jack or Waits either? The upper class is graduating here tomorrow nite. Just another month, I'll be ready to leave this field. The time seems to pass pretty quickly when you're busy, doesn't it? John seems to be doing pretty good with the livestock. Fred Warring is dedicating his program tonite to the 20th AIR TRANSPORT COMMAND, Nashville Tenn. Well I must be closing for tonite. Tell Auntie and Grandpa hello. Is Oletta back at Miss Josie's or not? 

Love to all,
Austin



--- PAGE 8 ---
Wednesday nite 9:00
Jan 5, 1944

Dear Mother and All,
How is everyone tonite? I'm just fine. I just shaved and got everything ready for in the morning. At 9:30 tonite I go to take an hour training in LINK Trainer. This Link training would cost $35 an hour to a civilian. I have already got 8 hours and will get 12 more while at this field. We  begin flying instruments in the plane beginning tomorrow. we have a hood over us and can't see a speck of light outside of the plane. That's to teach us to fly through fog and clouds, etc. when you can't see the ground. The instructor will be right in the front seat though to keep you out of trouble. The (44c) class is leaving here tomorrow nite and a new class will come in - we are the upper school now and will have all the privileges over the new lower class-(ha ha)
Training and tech tomorrow. We can't hear them
you out of trouble - Oh! HCC clear a
night in the front not enough to keep
the ground - It's muddy wet in
a chance at home when you call me
touch on how of fly through jeep
of light sound of the (from - B)
have a look out and catch as much
in the peep through binoculars tomorrow we
at the post - We haven't
got 8 hours + will for 12 more while
can turn to a column of how already
Tommy - The chief training was at £350
he took us two or three in link
for in the morning at 9:30 take tour of
time if you get enough got something very
Now is the first
I am Hally and Mr.
from 5, 1944

--- PAGE 9 ---

I had a lot of fun today & went
up to 11,000 ft and flew about 50 miles
north the field I saw several
other air fields & other planes Some
P-38's were practicing gunnery firing at
target in a big lake Then the big
Bombers were practicing bombing and ground
targets and they have a big fake
battle ship in one of the lakes It
really looks like a ship too-
We may fly out 250 mile
cross country trip tomorrow also
Each plane will take off about 2
minutes behind the others & fly alone
doing his own navigating. It will
be a lot of fun A trip something
like from Memphis to Dyersburg then
to Jackson Tenn & back to Millington
then back to Memphis our course looks like
this =

--- PAGE 10 ---
The news sounds pretty good for the Allies it seems! I guess & better be slowing up. Its almost time for me to go- I'll be sleepy in the morning I guess.
I've got to make up my mind what type plane I would like to fly - Don't know whethr to take a Heavy Bomber, P-38 or single engine fighter. The big bombers would give you more training for post war flying but I doubt if I'll be wanting to fly after the War! (ha ha)
I heard we will get a 15 day furlough when we finish in April but you can never tell about a rumor, but I imagine we'll get some time off anyway. I could get an allotment by signing up you as dependent - but figure there is no need that trouble just for 3 months & guess. Love to all
Gotta go -
Audie

--- PAGE 11 ---
Wind West M.P.H. 30 Miles/hr
Wind Correction Angle
I.A.S. 120 M.P.H. Altitude 5000,7000,6000
T.A.S. 137 M.P.H. G.S. From 180 to 167 mph

--- PAGE 12 ---
Wind Aus 2-4
1/10-44 Date 327

Miles Check Points M.C. E.T.A A.T.A
W.E 353° O
MoJave 007 12 12
DRY LAKE 23 24
XAlway 21 29
Waycross 139 32 34
INPORKKERN 44 46
T. 48 50
Kello 060 1:02 1:00
Hibway 110 1:08
Beecher 3 min
DAGGETT 247 116 1:10
Hedge 1126 1:22
Waycross 1:34 1:32
Kello 1:42 1:42
Waycross 1:53 1:56

--- PAGE 13 ---
Dear Folks,

Am back home after my trip this afternoon (ha ha) I had a swell time & made the trip right on the beam. But we have several boys plattered around all over Calif & one in Arizona & think - about 6 got lost.

One landed at 29 Palms close to Phoenix Ariz.
We are flying another cross country
about Tuesday or Wednesday this time we go a lot farther.

The new airplane you wrote about,
I heard about it also.

Several of the boys in this class have been held over for the next class due to loss of flying time by bad weather - I think I can keep up though.
They are getting about 5 day furloughs too. Have got to show how I get ready for bed & flew 3 hours today.


Lancaster
Jan 10, 1944
Monday
nite

--- PAGE 14 ---
Jan 13-1944 Thursday
Polaris Flight Academy
On the flight line:

Dear Mother,
Hope you haven't worried any by not hearing from me. Well we are flying both Nite + day now. It really is pretty up on a moonlight nite. I didn't get to fly last nite until 11 o'clock to 1:00 AM.
But I have already flown my period tonight. I made 9 landings here on the home field and can go back to the barracks now and go to bed. The lights are all out on the post now except out here in the Ready Room. The ground school classes don't seem to be hard at all - Have been making an average of over 90 on all subjects.
Has John got his tonsils out yet?
Well I gotta go to bed now - Will write Sunday - we won't fly nites next week.

--- PAGE 15 ---
Thanks for the picture of you & haven't received any picture from Sister or Edna either yet. Edna got the ring O.K. It was just late about getting there. I seem to need the plane lights at nite times in day time. We have little planes in lines up and down the runway.

Well sorry for tomite we have coffee & sandwiches here for nite flying - Am feeling well in every way.
Love,
Austin

--- PAGE 16 ---
Sunday Jan 16, 1944

Dear Mother & sis,

How is everyone this beautiful day? Me! Well I'm still a little sleepy - as I had written before I have been flying both nite & day this week... I fly about 3 planes each day for an hour or hours each then usually at nite we are flying from an auxiliary field out in the country 20 miles away. We have to go out in a truck & wait until my time comes to fly then I fly the plane back to War Eagle when my period is up (about 1 A.M.) We were supposed to rotate the periods so no one would get the late period our once but got it 3 out of 4 nites. I asked my instructor why he had to take the last period. He says the Sqdn Commander asked him which of his students would be best to fly the plane back from the other (one)

--- PAGE 17 ---
field at Kite & he recommended me so I got the job. We flew the first 2 hours at kite dual then the rest solo. It really is nice up there at kite - I still haven't made up my mind whether to take fighter planes or bombers. My instructor says he'll recommend me for either kind I want.

I fly the plane blind one period every day, all except landing it. Take off under a black hood & climb out to 4000 ft straight ahead then turn 360° left up to 5000 ft then turn 360° right & be at 6000 ft then head north & level off at 6,500 ft. Then practice turns of changing speeds from 110 to 130 mph without gaining or losing altitude & keeping on course all the time too.

Altitude & Keeping on course all the time too. While flying under the hood I have an instructor in the front seat to watch for other planes. Then the other 2 periods in day time I take the front seat and go up alone & do lazy eights, stalls, chandells, loops etc like I did in Primary. At kite we just fly around the

--- PAGE 18 ---
pattern & make landings & take-offs until the
end of the last period then we take off &
leave the field & fly back to the home
field -
Link Training - well that is practicing
for blind flying in a plane that stays
on the ground but gives you the same
feeling as if you were flying. It really
is a complicated instrument. On a table
outside the plane is an instrument that
records your flight path on a paper.
It draws lines exactly like you would
have flown if you had been in the
air - just a safer way to practice but gives
the same results.

I flew Saturday nite too! Can you
imagine that! I will try to go to a
show in Lancaster this afternoon. We flew
afternoons last week - In the morning I am flying

--- PAGE 19 ---
a cross-country trip to Bagget, Silverlake, Baghdad back to Baggett then back to War Eagle - about a 3 hour trip and our 350 miles - we land at Silvelake - Should be fun - that's Solo flying too - I'm through with all my vite flying at this field now- we start formation flying soon.

The radio is playing some good music now. you know I just haven't ever had time to send that picture to sister. The post office is closed on Sunday & I'm always busy all day can't even seem to get my hair cut. They don't give us for hair cut now I guess they know we are too busy (haha)

Well I've kinda given you a picture of what we are doing around here now. I got a letter from Waits. He is on an oil tanker, gunners mate and seems to be enjoying it.

--- PAGE 20 ---
He has been to Hawaii. I just got to write 2 little notes all week last week. One to you & one to Edna.

We have the Sunday papers here. I'll have to look them over a bit. Hope have to look them over a bit. Have you gotten rid of that cold? & how's John & his tonsils. You know I used to have a soar throat most every time I was exposed to any bad weather at Oakland & Santa Ana but I seem to be in the best condition now - My rheumatism in my shoulders is gone also.

We are going to have a nice class book here when we leave also. It will be the first one ever put out at this field. Class 44D seems to be the best class lives to come through every school we enter - Less eliminations and accidents also. We did have a plane crashed Friday nite but the cadet wasn't hurt - The plane was really smashed to pieces though

--- PAGE 21 ---
We are going out to retreat now
I have a slight cold today
How is John up now? I hope he didn't
have any trouble
Am listening to Bob Hope on the
Radio now - He sure is funny
I must go get toilet now, Red
Skeltor is on now One of the boys
here in this room got married about
3 weeks ago. He wrote his wife a
letter today & forgot & addressed it mess
So & So -
We saw it & put it up
& told him the mail man had already
picked it up - He is really stewing
We'll give it to him after while - He's
just going around in circles (Ha ha)
Love to all,
Austin

--- PAGE 22 ---
Tuesday 1-18-44

Dearest Mom & Sis,

How's everything around home? I took the trip to Silverlake, Bagdad etc this morning. I was Trip no 1 & lead the bunch around. There were about 30 planes taking off at 3 minute intervals. I came out right on the nose over all my check points & found the field without any trouble. We had 2 or 3 get lost again this time.

I got sister's picture of the little upon too. Boy, she got a good looking sister haven't I! Thanks a lot for both gifts. We have only about 15 more flying days at this field. I'm through with my kite-flying and also my Cross-Countries. I have a couple other pictures here that were made during the snow we had.

--- PAGE 23 ---
Thursday nite
Jan 20, 1944

Dear Mother,

I have a moment before bedtime - I got 3 letters from you & sister Tuesday - Haven't gotten any today. They seem to slouch up instead of coming regularly.

I enjoy them just as much though.
How is everyone today? I wrote Clifford last nite - I hear a new song on the radio tonite "Hello Mom", have you heard it?

I have a picture of Tailwheel
Today - I bet you don't have
Mom got all these pictures in
Reading. Unless you're filling my room with them (ha ha) Do you still

--- PAGE 24 ---
sleep up there - I guess John gets plenty of gas for the trucks doesn't he! How's the tractor & covers crops?

I don't think that big picture I sent sister is as good as the smaller one do you? Looks like I'm kinda mad or frowning.

Well, I wrote Jack & Waits both a letter this week too - & should get an answer this time sure. I've heard from Waits though lately. We are having our checks nudes now - Everyone is anxious to learn where it's going to advance - I have some chance of going to Texas if I'm assigned to Heavy Bombers training

--- PAGE 25 ---
1944 Saturday Jan 22 Tha

Dear Sis & Mom,

Will write a line or two before going into Lancaster —
We aren't flying this Sat. Nite —
I'm through with flying anyway.
But more than half the guys in this room will be flying next week at nite —

Today we had nothing out of ordinary except an on foot cross country (that is) for P.T. We took a little run out over the wide open spaces. Wore only gym trunks & tennis shoes. It really is getting to be summer time during the day but still awful cold at nite —

--- PAGE 26 ---
You asked about the cross-country flights—yes, I fly them alone—I had no trouble at all—we have maps of the country & plan the trips carefully before starting out on them. I flew at an average of about 7000 ft. We were well above the mountain tops on our course. I feel right at home in the plane & have never thought of getting scared—The first 2 or 3 rides at Dos Palos did kinda give me some funny feelings but I've gotten used to that now—My instructors said he would recommend me for any type plane I wanted to fly—I like to do aerobatics too but

--- PAGE 27 ---
Fighter pilots go to Luke Field, AZ.
That is single engine fighters. Twin engine fighters will stay in Cali.
There's plenty of rumors flying around about the German peace feelers with the British & Russians.
They're just trying to split up the Allies I guess.

We had a T.B.F. And here last nite - It really looked big
I had lots of big guns on it,
you have its picture in that bunch
I think - Last week a "Hell dive"
landed here too

I must close now, good nite mom and lots I love to all.
Bye, Austin

--- PAGE 28 ---
Sunday 1-23-44

Dear Mother and Sister,

How is everyone today? I'm O.K.

Have been listening to the radio
and trying to catch up writing a few letters.
There is a man talking now about the news & also making a few predictions—

I saw a nice show last nite. "Young Ideas"—I slept pretty late this morning—I doubt if it'll go any where this afternoon—need to kinda clean my locker up a bit and see if I have any more junk that I don't want to move on to the next base.

I hope John is up & OK by now, I wrote most all the news yesterday—all close now & write Bro Grant a note while I can. Love to all,
Austin

--- PAGE 29 ---
there are more accidents in the training of fighters pilots. So I signed up for 4 engine Bombers 1st choice and twin engine kite fighters 2nd choice - no telling though just what & will get. Am pretty sure they'll give us what we want though unless there is a shortage some type of pilot.

The kite fighters will fly P-380 about 2 months then fly B-25s, then go into A-20a for the kite training The plane that hit at Cherry was an A-30. The A-20 is about the same thing only a newer faster plane - I don't like B24's but would like a B17 & think.

I got your letter today Thanks for the prayers, & also put my trust in Him and will be glad when I can come back home to stay Love to the Dearest,

P.S. I got another letter from Wilbur D.

--- PAGE 30 ---
Tuesday nite 1-25-44

Dear Mother,

I have about 10 minutes to send you a line or two - The B-flight is flying nite this week - One half of the boys in my room are in B-flight. Two in A-flight, Sydn T.

We have our P.T before breakfast this week. We ran a mile this morning

I had my Army check ride today - Did O.K. Also had our final exam in navigation and code. They were easy - We also had an interesting picture on icing conditions in flying - & I flew 3 different planes today - Don't have many more days flying here at this field

--- PAGE 31 ---
We have a funny story on the radio now - we had Red Skelton on earlier Judy Canova is on now I have sister's picture up now I like it lots She sure looks swell I must get ready for bed now I had a little cold last week I made my ears stop, implying last week but its better now & they're O.K. Every time you descend in the plane you have to do a lot of swallowing to keep the pressures equal on the inside of your ears with the outside pressure When you have a cold these little passages close up & make it hard to clear your ears
Bye now With Love Austin

--- PAGE 32 ---
Later: On the flight line:

Well we're out here ready to fly. But I'm not scheduled to fly until the last period so I have a little time to write.
I was scheduled for first period but one of the guys that fly with me has a rise into Los Angeles & he would hold the rest of the boys up a while if he flew last so I traded places with him. I just plan to go into Lancaster anyway.

Today is a pretty warm day. We have an overcast of clouds but it sure is pretty when you get up above them & just have a big layer of fluffy white water vapor below you.

--- PAGE 33 ---
Jan 1944 Saturday 29th W.E.F.

Dear Mother & all,

It's twenty till twelve & we will eat lunch in a few minutes - & finished every phase of my flying here at this field except 4 hours of formation flying - we are flying this afternoon. Don't know exactly when we are shipping but we should get a 2 day pass I think the last of next week. In formation we play 3 planes to a flight.

++ + + like that (haha)

Well they are calling us out to lunch now - We have Liver & onions with potatoes & gravy, ice cream

--- PAGE 34 ---
Am glad you are sending the bag to me - just hope it gets here before I leave for Alabama. I have a good suspicion that I'll go to Morga, Texas - I hadn't looked it up on a map yet but imagine it in S.W. Texas. I'll either go there or to Douglas, Ariz.

About time for me to fly so will close for today. Glad John is getting O.K.

Say, if we have money in the bank that will not have to be used to operate this year I think we should buy some Bonds - as much as you like.

Bye Bye with love
Austin

--- PAGE 35 ---
Sunday Jan 30, 1944

Dear Mother & Sis,

It's about nite & I just saw a picture show in Lancaster. This morning was "Wash Day" for me - it takes about 3 weeks to get our laundry back when we send it so I washed a few things to hold me until I get to the next base. I saw "Guadalcanale Diary" the picture that Jack was in - I finally got Jack's address but still haven't heard a word from him.

Here's a picture 3 B.T.s in a loose formation - The little straight rod up in front is the radio aerial.

Well, I just lack 3 & a half hours of flying here - Ole Fred Allen is on the radio now.

We have some of the propeller planes right here close to our field. I must go to supper now.

Love & all
Austin
