OFFICERS' CLUB
ARMY AIR BASE
ALAMOGORDO. NEW MEXICO

Sept 1st 1944

Hello Mother & all,

Well I'm still here and we didn't get a delay as you noticed. But I see by your letter that you weren't expecting me too much so that's good.

I've got just a little time before leaving for town so can't write much. I almost got a plane ride to Oklahoma City but there were some other guys that had waited longer than I for the same ride. 

I'll probably go by troop train now.

All of our enlisted men on my crew got promoted to corporal so they are happy now. There are 5 them 4 gunners & 1 Radio man. We'll get the balance of the crew at the next field.

Write to me at:
19th Bomb Group
Army Air Field
Great Bend, Kansas

If the pictures come, open them and look at them. There should be two each. If you want to keep any one of them well OK. Then send me the rest as soon as possible.

I guess I better eat a bite before leaving. Got paid today. You should get another bond soon.  How many did you say I had now?

Tell Sis & John Hi. Also the baby. Think I'll get home again anyway before going over so mabybe I'll need a leave more than than now. (HA)

Love to all
Austin
___________________________
STAMEY HOTEL
Hutchinson, Kan. 

5PM
Sunday Sept. 3

Dear Folks,

How is everyone today? I came in here yesterday about 9:30 P.M. I don't have to report until Monday so am staying 2 nites in Hutchinson at the Stamey Hotel. I had a nice trip up here. I was supposed to come by civilian train so bought my ticket at Alamogordo Friday nite. When the train came it was so crowded I'd have had to stand up, so didn't get on board. I knew the troop train was leaving later that same nite so thought I'd take a chance getting on it. So cashed my ticket in and waited till about 12 P.M.

--- PAGE 5 ---
Meet all of the Airline Commanders came by car with one of their buddies. The guy I flew with at Boswell "Winzer" was sent to Pratt, Kansas about 50 miles from here.

I dropped my watch on the floor the other day & it is not running right. It'll stop and run again for an hour or two times then take off again.

The town of Hutchinson is about 30,000. It's a Navy town, a big Naval Air Base here - lots of WAVES and sailors here. Met a couple WAVES last nite.

--- PAGE 6 ---
Don't know if we'll be getting back up here and week ends next 2 think it's about 70 miles from Great Bend - Great Bend has a population of 3,000 I hear it can't be very smaller than Alamogordo though. Sure was nice & cool there last nite but seems rather hot today.

Well, I guess this is about all for now. We're taking a bus to the field in the morning. Tell all hello. What about cotton picking? Is it really going to be open this month?

Put my serial no on my address you know.
Love,
Austin

--- PAGE 7 ---
Sept 4, 1944
Great Bend

Hello Folks,

Well I'm on
the base now & have everything done for today.
We begin flying tomorrow so they did start us off quick.
I'm in temporary barracks right now but will be assigned to my permanent one soon. There seems to be no stationery here at this club and that's all that I have at present. The club is pretty nice & de

How is everything on the farm? Will you have room for all the corn?
The P.X. here is pretty nice.
How's John Wim doing now?
Well, see close for this time - Hope to hear from you soon.

Love,
Austin

--- PAGE 8 ---
think Lee like the field 05. I know I like the State Better than New Meks. Provided it doesn't get too cold here now (14). I had a swell time in Hutchinson - Came in on the bus this morning. The town of Great Bend isn't bad either from what I saw of it. Has been raining a lot around here it seems.

I don't know exactly what my address will be just yet. I'm assigned to the 97th Bomb Group & 43rd Squadron. Ill get my mail if you just address 19th Bomb group.

Did I tell you, I got a box of cookies, a bottle of Judge and also a nice necktie from Dottie just before I left Alamogordo. I'm leaving the tie now!

--- PAGE 9 ---
1944
Tuesday Sept 5

Hello Mother Dale,

Didn't get to fly today but will begin in the morning at 4 AM. Still cloudy & cool here.

Will be rather busy this afternoon - I haven't received any mail yet! Should get some tomorrow if they send any up from New York. Just wanted to say hello. Lee has to be going now - want to get moved to my permanent barracks as soon as possible - Also get my baggage that I slipped up here by express.

Here's my new address:

19th Bomb Group 93rd Squadron
Army Air Field
Great Bend, Kansas

Love to all,
Martin

--- PAGE 10 ---
Dear Folks,

How's everyone today? I flew this morning and it's pure chilly here before day-light - Lee and I got me a Kello jacket tomorrow. We went on a little cross country flight about 700 miles - Minneapolis, Hutchinson, Wichita, Pratt, Salina etc. I'm processing here tomorrow morning and flying again in the afternoon. They are having a dance at the officers club tonight. I went into town to a show and just came back. Still I've received no mail since I've been here.

Have the pictures come yet? I haven't been able to get any 16mm film yet. It looks like I'm going to have to send this watch back to Milwaukee to get it fixed. Is there a watch of any kind that no one is using I could use until I get this one fixed - if so send it to me. Have it insured and wrap well - I'll send it back when I get mine back.

I'm getting sleepy now as its 10 o'clock, I got up at 4 this morning. Love to all,
Austin

--- PAGE 11 ---
1944 Friday

Dear Mother & All,

Just got out 7 had a few minutes ago - am waiting for a buddy to finish shaving - Sure in cool up here in the mornings - I have u sweat shirt on now - I sent my laundry out last nite - Maybe still get back before I leave here. HA!

Well we got 2 more members on our crew - H. Hicks from Kentucky is other bombardier - He sure seem to be a nice guy too - he only about 5'6" tall I think - Then we always have a T/Sgt for an engineer but I haven't met him yet - Still no navigator

All the officers in the 93rd Squadron have to donate $2.50 for the Club when we get overseas - They are buying refrigerators & washing machines etc - Will still be quiet some time before We go though so don't worry any

--- PAGE 12 ---
My Airplane Commander was made Flight Commander of A Flight - So we will be in a lead position in the formations - We also have to instruct the other crews - We also have to instruct the other crews are in our flights These other crews are just beginning training in B-29s so we have the jump on them - Must go eat Breakfast I love you Austin P.S. Ran out of ink (HA) I still have not gotten a single letter This is getting BAD-HAPPY & get a telegram from Evelyn Though

--- PAGE 13 ---
The Alamo Hotel
Conway Bros., Sightseeing Service
Colorado Springs, Colorado

Hello all,
Just a line to let you know where I am —
I flew the 19th Group
& Commanding Officer are here
To Headquarters this afternoon.
He's a Colonel — Came in
a B-17 — Staying over nite
and flying back tomorrow
afternoon.

Got my first letter & the pictures from you today.
Love to all,
Austin

--- PAGE 14 ---
Dear folks,

Well I had a swell time in Colorado Springs last nite - Now I'm ready to go out to Patterson Field and make our air craft clearance - The weather looks pretty bad it drizzling rain & is real cloudy We may have to fly instruments on the way back.

Picked up a few cards some of the sights around here. How's John Wim today? I couldn't find a roll of film at all in this city. Would sure like to have seen Waits, tell him hello - I know he has grown lots.

--- PAGE 15 ---
The Alamo Hotel
Conway Bros., Sightseeing Service
Colorado Springs, Colorado

Did I tell you we have already started to send for a club overseas? They are bringing in refrigerators & washing machines! Each office paid $25.

Yes, I hope you've sent the check for the income tax. Was that for the balance? We have been promised a leave for some before leaving for overseas. I cannot write much about our training here away more as the intelligence warned us to write nothing about the B-29s. Don't worry about a thing though.

--- PAGE 16 ---
The Alamo Hotel
Conway Bros., Sightseeing Service
Colorado Springs, Colorado

Guess I better get on out now and have everything ready when the Colonel comes out. We brought 2 Colonels, 2 Capt's, 1st Lt of 3rd Tta. On this trip. None of my crew came along except me - They are probably flying today in 24s.

So long for now
Love to All,
Austin

--- PAGE 17 ---
Dear Mother and all,

How's things around home?

Now—I had a nice trip back from Colorado Spring—The weather got better and everything was OK—

When I got back about 4:30 Sun afternoon I was scheduled to fly 8 hours Sun Kite but the ground crew didn't get the plane fixed up and ready to fly in time to take off. So we didn't fly.

I'm flying in the morning at HAM—I got a nice letter from you & sisters also one from Altha & several notes from Ruth, Mary, Kathryn & Louise today—

--- PAGE 18 ---
I moved to my permanent barracks today - live in a room with Capt Cook - The rooms are pretty small but are OK. Is there an 'extra' little radio there - Or did you say the big radio wasn't playing! As we will be here quit a while I may try to buy a small radio if you don't have one you can send.

About you coming up to see me, I'd sure like it if its possible - The field is several miles from town though. If you didn't have a car it would be quiet a problem to see each other as we would get off only a few hours at a time - We are flying Sundays too.

Was glad to hear of the word Jack - Hope Waits is enjoying himself while home - Tell him to write a little oftener when he goes back.

--- PAGE 19 ---
The trip I made to Colorado Springs was a business trip for my Commanding Officer--that 2nd Air Force Hq's. I was pretty lucky to get to fly him out. He called up the 93rd Squadron Sat morning & wanted a pilot to fly a B-17 so I was available and got the job. Most of these other pilots have been flying B-24s before coming into B-27s.

We landed & he just told me when to meet him the next day & so I stayed in town. Had a pretty good time--it's a pretty city & a 24 in the Medical Corps was with me. Our Flight Engineer got to go home to Denver, Col. He was home about 9 hours.

I better get to bed now as we have to sign a statement that we've had a certain amount of sleep before flying them morning--tell all hello--Love Austin

--- PAGE 20 ---
Dear Mother & Sister,

I received your letters today and also got the watch—Thanks a lot that will help me a lot until I can get this one fixed—I'm going to send it back to the jeweler in Memphis—How is everyone around home? I guess I've missed writing you so much since I've been here. Finally, I've gotten settled in my permanent barracks and things will be back to normal. We had a nice time flying yesterday and last nite—we fly 2 missions of 6 hours each time we go up—We're flying again in the morning at 4th A.M. We just went down to the P.X. and got this stationery—it's kinda unlucky not to have officers club caps handy just any time off like to shop or dine for someone. That's one reason I get so few letters, I guess.

Up the B-17s do seem small after flying the 24—That a B-24 ~

--- PAGE 21 ---
U.S. ARMY AIR FORCES

Hope sister's May Jewell is OK by now. I guess John Wism is quiet a bit now - How are all the Peltons? Guess every one is busy with cotton pickin'!

Did Olette really go to New Orleans? I guess she is really proud y waits - Has she changed very much? I know Miss Josie Belle is glad to be hearing from Jack again - Kinda blue being waitin' though and Jack still doesn't see her!

You said John Turner is home with you! He was in a hospital like the one in the lower corner of this stationery. Did he get to stay long and where are they sending him to now? That's up the head.

Yes all be going on Cross Country in B-29s too - We had ground school all day today also P.T. It was very interesting though - I got 4 letters, so I'm getting back on schedule again. Has anyone heard from John Bishop since his baby arrived?

--- PAGE 22 ---
I took a subscription for "Yank" The Army Weekly and am having it mailed here. You can get a lot of funny reading and also news of the War from that & I wish you'd just file them away & keep 'em for me to look over some day. I have one here &d like to send Mr. Alex, it tells all about the fighting on Saipan and the Island Dathen Jack is now. We see them every week here anyway so don't send any of them on to me.

Yes the pen looks like it writes ok now. I don't know need it yet though so just keep it and use it all you like.

Looks like I'm sending for something every time I write home now. If I need a bath robe up here this winter taking a shower & then running back to the room will get kinda chilly. Though maybe you had one around the house you'd like to send me, (HA-HA) Don't buy one cause I can do that.

--- PAGE 23 ---
I haven't flown down your way any yet - I expect to some day though. It will probably be so high you can't see me. I'll write you about it if I'm ever over there.

Where is John ginning cotton this year? When did you say the Tides would be moving? Cherry is going to be a kinda dull place to be isn't it! Have you heard any word about Neal? Estelle said they were expecting him home some time in September. Well guess this'll have to do for now. Tell all hello and give John Winn a hug.

I left part of my address off to make it shorter. This will be O.K. if you want to address your letters that way.
Love to All,
Austin

--- PAGE 24 ---
Dear Mother & All,

I'm on the flight line this morning—came over EWS 6 A.M. this morning but Capt. Cook sprained his ankle yesterday playing Basketball & we aren't flying this morning. Instead of taking the crew out for gunnery practice this morning at 8, thought I'd bring my stationing order here to the flight line so I could write while standing by some of these periods.

The weather here is real nice about now—not too cold yet but just cool enough to wear a light jacket and nite—

I got the Lauderdale County Papers yesterday and also 2 letters from Wrote me at Alamogordo. They sure were slow about sending any mail up from down there. I read in the papers about Hughes party etc.

--- PAGE 25 ---
I also see John Edd Craig has been home.

How is Cotton Pickin' coming along?

We have our Navigator now so our complete crew is formed now. His name is Sissman, I think he's from the East, New York or the Adants. He's a pretty good guy though & think - I'm sure we'll get along when we finish all this instruction training and can fly with our own crew. We fly both B-17s & 29s - just which one. We're assigned each day - & think we'll stay in 29s though when we go overseas.

I got a letter from A.V. With yesterday - I guess Withes is ready to go across now - K.V said he'll be there another month. They are in B-24s.

Well I better get the crew together for the gunnery practice. Love to all Austin

--- PAGE 26 ---
Dear Folks,

How everything today? I'm on the flight line this morning—our plane is out of commission at present but we expect to take it up for 7 hours as soon as they get it jived. Meanwhile I'm taking the crew over for 2 hours synthetic gunnery practice. We take all lunch along on these flights—it's a B-17 we're flying today—Did I ask you to send that blouse to mine to me? I'll forgetten—I want it so I can send it out here in my foot locker. Keep the one I have here to wear until I leave—he need it this month—

I got your letter yesterday. Hope Grandpa is better & this stiffness—Also got a letter from Wilbur yesterday—

Well I don't have time for a longer letter this morning—Hope the weather's been good for cotton picking lately. Tell all hello and best wishes.

Love & Kisses
Austin

--- PAGE 27 ---
Dear Mother & all,

Is days ground school day & boy did it turn cold last nite - We had a rain storm during the nite & everyone in Waycross thin wool clothes & jackets this morning- And we are scheduled for ditching practice this afternoon at 5 P.M.
We were jumping off a platform into the water with Jack our cloths & equipment on & swim out. But many wait so cold they will wait for a warmer day.

I got the box yesterday & the cookies are great - It got there just in time too- Tomorrow Sunday we fly at 4AM
I got the Lauderdale Co. Pope today - oh gee if you haven't already seen the blouse I have a pair of wool olive drab trousers there & could use also - I hope all this isn't causing you too much trouble - I don't need the blouse till the 15th Oct instead Oct 1st as I wrote before.
I wrote Olitta yesterday and told her to tell you Hi- I guess I better get over to the barracks & put my tie on before going back to school.

--- PAGE 28 ---
I just ate lunch. Had Boiled ham and Watermelon Cantelope for Breakfast so we are getting Jam Joes too (HA) I see where Jack Peyton killed a squirrel with a hickory nut (HA), And also where John Crook flew over Ripley. Am enclosing a picture which I don't think you've seen - I think it looks pretty good - Send it back sometime when you're writing.
Well Along Ally
Your Ally,
Austin
