--- PAGE 1 ---
Dear Folks,

Boy is it cold! I'm wearing my heavy overcoat this morning - And they have a fire in the Jigz-joker at the Officer Club. I'm waiting for Bob to get up so we can eat breakfast together. He's a new buddy of mine since he been at this field. He is from Milwaukee, Wisconsin. We went town last nite - got a hair cut my head cold now (Kello)

I got the blame ok thanks, major - for Paul yesterday, sent a bond home acknowledge same when you receive it.

Well how is John Winn? He's a bad boy going around hitting people with glasses on! Have you got them Jigged yer. Am glad Olivia went to Memphis with you - I suppose you did need some help if they disabled your eyes.

--- PAGE 2 ---
Our Bawardier just got his eyes examined & got 2 pair of Army glasses - He couldn't see a thing after they dilated his eye - I'm flying this afternoon - About my position on the plane - I'm one of the Pilots - They don't have Co-Pilots on a B-29. The other pilot is the Airplane Commander and a Capt. But just to make it simple say I'm a copilot. We fly the plane one at a time - On long flights one man will sleep while the other is flying - He's the Commander & in accord his Command.

Well I better eat now & get ready to fly. I may take a trip down South in another week to stay a week. I'll write about my Uncle if I have to. Don't grandpa still like Havana Cigars? Well So long for now, Love to see Austin

--- PAGE 3 ---
Wednesday Oct 1, 1944

Hello folks,

Just time to say how are you etc! I am going out to the flight line now. I'm going to Los Angeles Friday to drop a cord down there. Our crew won the prize for being the best crew of the week & got a B-17 to take a cross-country fly where we want to go in the US. Lucky us! I'd liked to have come home but there are 11 on the crew & we have to go somewhere so all can have a good time. We will stay all nite there & come back Sat night.

There is only one plane a week for the whole group. The group is divided into 3 squadrons of each squad. Here 2 flights, each flight has 5 crews. We were the one crew of the whole bunch picked.

This little prize keeps everyone working trying to win. We are also the first to win the prize.

The best squadron of the group wins free beer for everyone & the other two pay for it. Our squad won this too!

--- PAGE 4 ---
Well I'll be going now I may write you a letter from Los Angeles giving you some information about myself Pete Don't worry about buying me any present to send overseas you know by Oct 15 Oh yes the Army issued me a wrist watch yesterday so I can send the pocket watch back I may keep it a little while but see if I get my wrist watch back soon I don't have to turn this one back in when I leave this base just borrowed it Zone to A& Austin The pictures John Winn was swell I showed them to the rest of the gang they sure laughed He's real cute

--- PAGE 5 ---
Oct. 1944
Tuesday 10th

Dear Mother & Ale,

How's everyone now? I'm missed writing to you. Guess you've noticed - since our crew is formed & we live together I'm hardly ever alone to do any writing - I need to write at least one letter a day & now I'm lucky to write every 3 days it seems.

I got the pictures of you & I think they're pretty cute, you'd sure like 'em. How's Olitta since her operation? Here's a picture I cut out of the morning paper - I'm flying this afternoon - we finally got started flying alone yesterday - here to fore we have held other crews along with us giving them instructions etc.

Was sure glad to hear David Lynn was home.

--- PAGE 6 ---
Well we have to make this short again - I enjoyed the cookies very much though I got a lot from Dotty too since you sent them. She sent candy, too. I still have some cookies, permits too. I'll write the letter I mentioned previously as soon as I get a little spare time.

Love to all,
Austin

John Winn's picture is done good - I have it up in my room.

--- PAGE 7 ---
Dear Mother and Ole,

It is certainly a beautiful day up here. Nice and Warm too. I'm flying this afternoon and toite. I notice the date! It's been exactly 2 years today since I was sworn in here at Memphis. Boy there has been a lot of changes since then!

How is everything around the farm? Hope you've had good weather for gathering the crops. I guess I better send for me at soldiers ballot so I can't vote in this election. I got me a shoe stamp yesterday, have got to get a pair of shoes. The Quartermaster has just sold off the shoes that I liked so well. So guess we'll get a pair in town. I didn't go to Los Angeles. They needed the B-17s here too bad for training purposes so we have just given up the idea of taking that trip.

We're having a foot ball game in Great Bend tonight. We can't miss it as we are flying tonight.

--- PAGE 8 ---
Have you got received your glasses yet? The little pictures you sent me aren't bad at all. I like one of them especially - I have it in my billfold.

It's almost time for dinner now.
Oh, I probably won't go far away until around my birthday.

The insurance paper you received a while back is my government policy. It's not a new one, the only thing is it didn't have to pay for it until I was an officer so they started a new one on April 15th. It's $10,000 but the way they make the payments is by the month and by how old the beneficiary is.
They try to divide the 10,000 into equal monthly payments to last the length of the expected life of the beneficiary. It cost me $62 per month - I can have it changed into a regular 20 yr policy if I like. But Uncle Bill and Daddy seemed to have more insurance than they could keep up so I'll think is odds before I change it over.

--- PAGE 9 ---
I got a letter from Harvey the other day. He's still in the dry cleaning business up in the Aleutians. Likes the job OK but says it's mighty dull up there. I wrote Mrs. Barnes a letter the other day also.

What's Sister and John doing these days? Don't you guys go to a show in Waycross! How about the tent pictures that used to come to Three Points? Are they still going around or has rationing cut that out. Is John Bill Miller still at the Three Point store?

Well we just gotta go now.
Will try to write more often than I have since we been here.

Love to all,
Austin

--- PAGE 10 ---
Sunday Oct 15, 1944

Dear Folks,

How is everyone today? Sure is a pretty day up here. Has turned warm & nice! I intended to go to church this morning for sure but lazily stayed in bed until it was too late—They have service at 10 instead of 11.

Yes, I got the trousers ok. Thought you'd already let you know about it—you sure seem to be making a good crop—as John hunting the wheat to harvest or just for hogs to eat in the field? I imagine though that he's harvested most of it—see there is no wheat allotment next year—Bay won't be too long before 1945 twice it—Holy & Oct. is gone.

Hope you have gotten your glasses by now—Did the shoes help John Wim much?

There isn't much news to write about—I made about the best grade of all the pilots in our engineering exam. Don't know how I did it (96'4). Most of the enlisted men on our crew went to Hutchinson last nite—Today was a day off for us. Better go now.

Love to all, Martin

--- PAGE 11 ---
Wednesday Nite
Oct 19, 1944

Hello Folks,

How is everyone today? Things around here are about as usual & quiet. We're having a Bingo Party here at the club in a little while. I didn't do any flying today - I practiced on the bomb trainer instead. I see B-29s hit Formosa, an island just off the coast mainland, for the 3rd time in 12 hours.

Oh yes, we had to put our preferences on paper the other day. Whether we wanted permanent commissions and stay in the Air Force after the war or get out as soon as possible after the war - I said when I first enlisted I just stay in as long as the war lasted so I said I'd get out as soon as possible although a permanent commission in the Army wouldn't be bad.

I see they are having another hurricane down in "Cuba". My trip to Los Angeles never was completed. They need the planes too much here for training and also the plane we were intending to use that day crashed a little way North of here that day. No one was hurt though.

--- PAGE 12 ---
I still intend to make that trip to see my uncle and stay a week—May be two of three weeks from now though—We have a better flying schedule arranged now—we get a day off each week now where before we just got Sundays off every 3rd Sunday. This way we'll get two days off on the week we have Sunday off—and still get just as much done too because everyone doesn't fly every day we go to the flight line anyway.

I guess I better go over and check the mail—I haven't heard from you today—We get mail twice a day though so maybe I have some mail out there now. I got a letter from Jack the other day—I wrote 2 letters to a couple roommates I had at Oshkosh. One letter reached the guy and he was in England in the 8th Air Force—the other letter was returned to me & marked "Accused"—I guess he was killed in an accident because he was still in the U.S. He was a fighter pilot—I sure did hate to hear about that— I don't know where any of the others fellows from our room are though

--- PAGE 13 ---
U.S. ARMY AIR FORCES

How's John Wims doing today? Guess he is the cutest little thing ever - you say he this to talk a little! Yesterday I was on a flight of 7 hours high altitude formation camera bombing. We bombed Wichita, Tulsa Okla., Oklahoma City and also dropped 25 bombs on a bombing target. Fighter planes were scheduled to intercept us and we would have used camera gunnery on them but guess they couldn't find us. We went on our way unmolested.

Well, I better get going about now - Hope the weather's fine for gathering the crops. We had steak for supper today - Also ice cream. The meals are reasonable here too only 50¢ 35¢ for breakfast.

Tell all hello Love & kisses,
Austin

--- PAGE 14 ---
Dear Folks,

Just a line of two toite - I see big head lines "Phillipians Invaded" Looks like that's the direction we'll be going. I sure like to be stationed on the Phillipian- Also the Russians are beginning their drive from the East.

I went to school today, am flying early in the morning then I get Sat. of Sunday both off.

We had a big football game this afternoon at P.T. 15 officers played 5 enlisted men - We beat them though by 3 touchdowns - Kello got a little optic knocked off my arm that'll be O.K.
Our Commanding Officer H.C. Roberts just got promoted to a full Colonel- He was one of the boys on the Phillipian when the Japs invaded it then - He was in the 19th Bomb Group then & so we may get to go back there again - Just a guess.

Am glad you got your glasses - Tell all hello.
Have you seen David Lynn? Tell him Hi for me if you see him. Love, Austin

--- PAGE 15 ---
Dear Mother & All,

How is everyone there today? It's a nutty day here but I have the bad cold it seems. I got the Lauderdale Co. paper & have been reading it all over. Was sorry to hear you lost the big cow. Guess the others all look fine this year with so much pasture as they've had.

You say grandpa is picking cotton! He'll never get too old to work at looks like. I got me a new pair of low cut shoes last nite in town—Everyon cowed it town up here on Saturdays just like they do in Ripley. The papers & radio are full o' news these days. You still take the commercial appeal don't you? How's Aletta getting along now? Her sister & her letters together the other day—Guess school will see starting again soon.

I gotta go now. With Love to All
Austin

--- PAGE 16 ---
Monday 1944

Hello folks,

Surprised!! Well I was too - I went to town Sun nite & stayed till around 12 o'clock when I got back to the base a note was on my bed saying to be at Base Operations at 10 O'clock AM to leave for L.A. So line a am

We flew 7½ hours after already cleaning up till 12 - So I'm plenty sleepy now - We leaving from Drew Bend in the morning around 16 o'clock. Had a swell time here anyway if I am sleepy

--- PAGE 17 ---
I just had 2 days off Sat & Sunday and then got this trip - Will see you now - Love to all

Austin

(11:30 PM mon nite)

--- PAGE 18 ---
Dear Mother Lass,

Just 2 months till Christmas! Well
We're back from Hollywood & Los Angeles-
Had a pretty good time. That trip
finally did come as a surprise this
time - We had just gotten 2 days off
for the first time since we've been here.
We had Sub. of Sunday off- Sunday Nite
a guy (Bob Adams) and I had dates in
Great Bend - For some reason we came
home early (got here by 12 p.m.) And a note
was on my bed to be at Operations at 1 A.M.
So I packed everything hurriedly. We were
off at 2 A.M.- 94 of us went in a
B-17 - We flew for 7½ hours & arrived over L.A. To find it all covered
with clouds & also a fog. We made an instrument let down though & broke out
of the fog right on the field - We got there about 7:30 Kello's time & stayed
till 11 A.M Tuesday- Then took off for home
on instruments again - We flew through clouds until we reached Albuquerque New Mexico then it was

--- PAGE 19 ---
U.S. Army Air Forces

Fairy clear the rest of the way home - The trip was non stop as Dale had 230 gal of gas on board - Got back here about 8:30 P.M. - I've been going to school all day today - Hard to keep awake in classes - Am getting up at 4 AM in the morning so will have to close this quickly - Got a nice letter from you today - Am awfully sorry to hear the news about John. Maybe he will turn up somewhere when the war is over - Can hope for it anyway - The other news was just a surprise also - About Edna - I hadn't heard from her but about twice since I was home so guess she is getting married to Ben! Well we gotta go. It had now So Bye, Bye, Son Now

Love To All,
Austin

--- PAGE 20 ---
OFFICERS' CLUB
GREAT BEND ARMY AIR FIELD
GREAT BEND, KANSAS

Hello folks,

How's everything now? I'm still so busy I can't find time to write much - am going back to school in 5 minutes so will just send a note. I got a letter from you today - oh, my stunned arm is OK and my cold is too. We're having a big Halloween Party at the club tonight - Everyone comes in costume so it'll be a relief to get out of uniform for a nite ~ Have gotta get to school now - I have a snapshot of myself I'll send in the next letter - Don't have it with me yet.

Love to all,
Austin

P.S. The Club finally got some stationery (HA)

--- PAGE 21 ---
1944
Sept Nite Oct 28

Hello Mother of All,

Wrote you a note already once today but will run off a few more lines now as I was in such a hurry at noon - I'm at the Officers Club and now it's all decorated for Halloween. Corn stalks, black cats, witches and all.

Will be a big party & a dance here tonight - I got that snapshot to send you. (Ha) That's a "Wishing Well" idea thinking by.

Our crew got all changed up today. We see the 3 flight leaders of our Squadron you know so they ordered that the best men be in the lead planes as we will be leading the rest of the planes to & over the targets.

We are getting a new engineer, navigator, & bombardier. We sure hated to lose our engineer - He was a Sgt and we're getting a 2nd Lt. Now for an engineer I guess everything will work out OK after we get used to the new guys. The guys sure did hate to leave this crew - I think most all of them are anxious to see our crew - Capt Cook the Airplane Commander & Flight Commander is such a swell guy

--- PAGE 22 ---
I'm waiting around until 7:30 & then Kuhns & I are having a steak for supper.
I have tomorrow off - Monday I'll be at the liaison office & will be down at the flight line in a jeep checking with the planes to see if they are in flying commission. Keeping the operations officer informed as to plane expected to be not flyable later in the day etc.
How's the baby doing now? Sure pounds like you're getting that crop out on time - Let me know when any of the folks hear from White, Jack, or any of the boys.
I got a letter from Harvey today. Well hope everything fine there.
Love to see,
Austin

--- PAGE 23 ---
Dear Mother and Sis,

Well I just got up to eat supper! (HA) I've had such irregular hours lately I don't know when to eat. I was Liaison officer yesterday - Started to work at 1 P.M. & worked till 4 A.M the next morning then have been to school all day today beginning at 7:30 this morning - So when School was over & P.T. I went to bed without any supper or sleep! Take about 9 PM just had a big juicy hamburger with onions & coffee- We got paid today - I'm sending a bond along in another envelope Acknowledge receipt of it when you get it.

I guess everyone is busy around home now - The weather is nice up here now - Not very cold. Guess I better stop along here - Tell John Wim hello! I got a letter from him that Olitta helped him write (HA) How's "big" John doing these days? Sure plenty of ducks around here - Wish I could go hunting too - Love, Austin
