1944
OFFICERS' CLUB
Roswell Army Air Field
Roswell, New Mexico
Thursday June 1st


Hello Folks,

How's things around home? We are having our usual afternoon dust storm but this one seems a little dustier than usual - Anyway Today is gas mask day so if it gets too bad we can don these things. Every Thursday we pack our gas masks around with us all day. We had a little gas alert this morning while we were in ground school and everyone had to put the masks on. We looked like a bunch Japs sitting there working on a navigation problem.

I just got my hair cut and washed - Am going to LINK in a jiffy if am flying tonight. I sent you a couple bonds as I had some excess money when I got my check this month.

Well I gotta go now. Will try to write more Tomorrow
Tell all hello
Love
Austin


1944
Friday Nite June 2nd

Dear Mother and All,
I got your letter today & you hadn't heard from me in several days you said. Didn't realize I had missed writing so often - you must keep awful busy too. Sewing some now & working in that garden. I wouldn't try to do much in the garden.

I know the baby is growing real fast. I finally got a letter from Jack. Was glad to hear from him. Tell Miss Josie Bell hello for me when you see her. Oh yes we have 3 planes coming to Dyersburgh tomorrow afternoon left & have to fly in the morning at 4:30 so will be impossible for me to come along. Sure wish I could. I've got so much of my time in already it looks like I wwon't get to take a long cross-country. I have 92 hours in now so 3 more trips up will finish my 105 - yes I fly them without an instructor along now.
I got checked out at Nite last nite then went up solo till 12:30 - after I have my time in as pilot - I'll get a little Bombardier training. Will drop some bombs myself & also get some practice on the bomb trainers. I sure wish I could get on one of those planes tomorrow.
I made OK with my grades. Withee comes to see me a lot. He doesn't have much to do - not flying any at all - makes him lonesome I guess.

The temperature around here is about 90 degrees. Not to hot as the wind is blowing most of the time. The dust is the worst thing we have to contend with. I'll be flying Sunday night. 
Yep, I have the picture Adeline here. I may send you another box of stuff before I leave here. I've never worn that coat since you sent it. It seemed to turn warm as I sent after it. I wear the shoes though while I'm flying. I have a pair of coveralls I wear to fly too. 
The crew on these planes are Pilot, Co-pilot, Engineer. Although when we get to the next base we will have 9 or 10 aboard. We don't practice any gunnery etc. here. So don't have any gunners aboard.
I need to write several letters tonite mother. I hope all is well and feeling just fine. Must say by by.
With love,
Austin

1944
Saturday noon
June 3rd

Dear Mother,

Well I couldn't get off to come to the Halls Base today. I slept all morning and am having ground school this afternoon. We have our final test in Navigation - May be lucky the next time. I have 97 hours in now & fly Sunday nite so I'll finish my 105 hours in one more trip after Sunday.

We have a nice time up there sometimes - For instance we have 5 radios - We tune one in on Tokyo, one in San Francisco, and one on the local Radio Station at Carlsbad. Then keep one tuned in on the airfield tower so we can listen to most any thing we like. We have a little switch box and you just set the switch on
the radio you want to listen in on. All the people in the plane have a switch box like that & each one can listen to a different program all at the same time.

The boy I fly with "Winzer" and I have more time in here than any others in our group -

Hope all's O.K. around home -
Tell the Peyton family hello for me too -
Gotta go to school now so
Bye Bye
Love
Austin

I wrote Otho a little note yesterday. I finished my LINK training here also.


You can put this instrument card up somewhere I got a new one when I passed my instrument check here at this field that gives you permission to fly in instrument weather fog clouds etc


1944
Monday June 5

Hello folks,

Didn't get time to write Sat or Sunday so hope you don't mind too much - I flew last nite till 2:00 AM. Went on a little cross-country to Big Springs, Amarilla Texas and back to Roswell around 600 miles - Did you know that I burn over 800 gal o gasoline every day that I fly here - I listened to the radios last nite & heard the news that Rome had been entered by American Soldiers. I'll try to tune in W.M.C. some of these nites. I didn't think about it last nite till 11:30 & that would have been 12:30 at home so WMC was on the air. I had a station in Minneapolis, Minn., on real clear & good.
Am going back to the flight line as soon as I eat lunch - Fly from 12 to 6 P.M. Today.

I better move on & mail this & get the mail too. I have 102 hours now - I may go on & fly the rest of this week anyway as 105 is the minimum amount you can have to finish here - I'll put a note on the bottom if I get any mail (ha) Sending Love to all, Austin

The mail is not up yet - gotta go though - Bye


OFFICERS' CLUB
Roswell Army Air Field
Roswell, New Mexico
1944 Monday afternoon
June 5

Dear Mother & All,

I wrote you a letter this noon & then went flying. When I got to the flight line I was only scheduled to fly 40 minutes today so I finished that up & I'm through flying for a while. I think I'll get a little more time though before I leave here. That's the next question. We may be here a month yet without doing any flying. I hope not.
I got a letter from Harve Kinney. He has been transferred to Seattle Wash. I'll probably write him a letter in a few minutes. We will still go to school here though. We will learn administrative work this month I think.

I think I'll do a little swimming when I have some spare time too! We have a nice pool just back of our barracks.
It's hard to realize the baby is now 2 months old. I guess he is real cute. I'll be glad to get the picture of him.
Well there is no other news I can think of at present so all stop for today. 
Love to all,
Austin
P.S., I got 3 letters & the L.C. Paper today


June 7-1944
Dear Mother And Sister,

It's a beautiful day here today. I bet everything is growing on the farm too. I enjoyed your letters yesterday. I told you I had already gotten most all my flying in and didn't I! Well anyway it looks like I'll sit on the ground the rest of this month except maybe we'll go up as a bombardier a few times to drop some bombs for practice.
We got the news of the invasion early yesterday morning. Everyone is anxious to hear how thing come out.
I went into Roswell last night to a show if they stopped the picture to give us the president's prayer.
It sure was nice. I know you were listening too though—
We were scheduled for bomb training this morning but I was excused as they had more boys than they had trainers.

So I'm off till 2 o'clock when I have P.T. How do you like my new stationery? Can you beat this! Adeline sent it to me yesterday. She is always sending me something. A real nice girl too. Withee is leaving for Calif Saturday. I think he will be a Co pilot on a B-24 now. He doesn't like B-24's so good but will be glad to get back in the air anyway.

My partner & I came about the only ones in D class that are finished flying. I sent you a Bond yesterday Don't know why but noticed it was dated the 7th - I thought it would have the date of "D-day" on it - That's when I bought it anyway

I know John Winn is a lot of company and lots of fun to watch him grow.

Love to all Austin
Don't let John work too hard


2nd Lt. Austin H. Winn (0-774857)
S/0 44-4-D R.A.A.F.
Roswell, New Mexico

Friday 1944 
June 9

Hello all,

Just a line so you can hear from me today - haven't done much of anything today - played a few games & wrote some letters. Read a story for a change (HA) a little short one in a Saturday Evening Post.

I also got a letter from Oletta and heard about Miss Lovy's arm being broken. I hope Mother had a big time over at Mrs. Arants. If you saw any shows do you remember their names? I see one almost every day now (HA) The Memphis Belle is on Sunday & Monday. That's the story of a B-17 & its crew. 
You read of the plane in the paper I'm sure around last October. Hope grandpa is OK after all that work & then going on the creek besides. We had fish for dinner today. Friday is Fish day in the Army anyway.
Tonight we had peach ice cream & cake. Oh sister I am proud of the pictures you & John Winn. I have your picture up in a frame and I put one of John Winn in my pocket book. I'll have to be careful who sees in my pocket book now won't I! Or the girls will think I'm married. HA
I'm going to make this short because Withee is leaving tomorrow & we may go into town tonight and see a show or bowl some. I haven't seen him all day yet.
Tomorrow I have PT at 10 o'clock and that's all I do & think. I'm really getting a vacation almost, will soon be busy again though I'm sure. 
Love to all Austin


1944 Monday June 12

Dear Mother & Sis,

Have missed a couple days writing to you - Was pretty busy over the week-end. I saw Withee off on the train at 10 o'clock Sat. nite. I met some kids & we had a big time Sunday- drove out to see the bottomless lakes & other places of interest around Roswell. Today I've been a bombardier and practiced with the Norden Bomb Sight. We have school scheduled all this week. The Memphis Belle is on the theatre here today, think I'll see it. It was on in Ripley last Friday but don't guess anyone saw it.

I got a letter from Carl Bishop today - I guess John B. is over seas now. I heard from him the other day with a New York address & it was censored too.

Thanks for the papers you sent-I got them today.
How is farming & John getting along? Guess he is still rushing around.
We can go without ties here on the field so that makes it a lot cooler. Did Mother have a good time over at the Arrants?
I wrote & received a letter from Miss Jossie Belle last week-
Well I'll have to be going now.

Bye Bye and
Lots o Love,
Austin

Will Send it Air Mail So you will get it quicker.


Hello Folks,

How is everything around home? Today I have been going to school this morning. We had Aircraft Recognition, Code, and Bombing lectures. We have flying tonight but don't think I'll have to go to the flight line unless some officer wants to talk to all the men. I saw the Memphis Belle movie last night. It was a story of a B-17 on a trip over Germany, a real action picture put out by the War Department.

I just got a hair-cut. I want to write Carl & Bill Simpson a letter. I couldn't get any V-Mail at the PX though. I'll get some next time in town though. I heard from Billy this morning and was surprised. He said Sister had written to him. I'm going over to get the afternoon mail.

Now - I'll probably mail this while I'm over there. Hope it won't be too short. How is the baby getting along? I like the pictures, he's so cute.
Mother do I have an assessment at the church? If so how much, I could send you some money to pay the preacher or you can write a check on my account there. 

Better go now - Love to all,
Austin


1944 Wednesday June 14

Dear Mother & Sister,

What's going on today there? I've just eaten supper and will write a few letters - I got letters from Carl & Billy in the last few days so need to write several letters overseas. I sent to town for some V-mail stationery just now. Today I heard from Cousin Wilbur, Adeline, and you.

I did fly last nite. Was just up 1 hr. 15 minutes though so got to bed around 11:30. Most of them stayed up till 10 o'clock though - They go back at 4:30 in the morning but I hope I don't have to -(HA)

They have me scheduled to go to 3 lectures Sunday - one beginning at 8. So I won't get to sleep late Sunday (HA)

The first lecture is on Chemical Warfare, one on Malaria Control from 9-11 & one from 2 PM to 4 on First Aid.

We have had Maintenance of Aircraft today. Mechanics explained all about how to fix things about the planes etc. Studied the engines & how to change a tire and fix brakes etc.

I'm sending one of my navigation problems along with this. This is a record which the navigator keeps on a cross-country flight as you go along. This was a flight from Wichita, Kansas to Dyersburg to Montgomery, Ala.

D.D# 1 means double drift #1
P.R# 1 means Position Report #1
T.P.     " Turning Point

We didn't actually take this flight it was just a problem we had to work out in class.

Had a good supper tonite - Stuffed Sweet Peppers (hamburger meat) "Ketchup"  Carrots and other stuff I didn't take. Ice cream & cake ICE WATER. 
How is John since he's had the tooth pulled? I hope he's getting along O.K. now. Wilbur was proud of the picture you sent him. He has been real busy lately, it seems. I must go now to get another letter or two written tonite. 
Love to All,
Austin

1944
Friday nite June 16

Dear Folks,

Will drop you a little line as I'm on the way to a show. Am back to work again now. Although I'm not doing much flying. I drop some bombs tomorrow though. 
I went swimming this afternoon & feel like I might have blistered. Had lots of fun though. I got a letter from Hughy just now. I'll try to answer it after I get back from the show. 
How is the baby and all the rest of the family?

I see its time I was getting my ticket so will have to rush now. The show is "Going My Way" with Bing Crosby 
Love Austin

1944
Saturday, June 17

Dear Mother and all,
How is everyone today? I've just come from school & have a few minutes before I eat dinner. I'm going up to drop some bombs this aternoon. I see where our Big B-29 Super Fortress Bombers have bombed Japan. Also that the Germans are using some new pilot less planes. The allies had been expecting them though for some time.
The picture was real good last nite. About the best I've seen in a long time. I wrote Hughey last nite too. (ha)
We are turning in our ground school supplies & books this week. I lost my computer which they issued me and it costs $14. Guess someone picked it up.
I had a big time in swimming yesterday. I was sitting there in the sun almost asleep & about 4 or 5 boys got me by the feet & arms & threw me out in the pool. Then I helped them pitch 2 or 3 more in. My back is kinda red today from Sun.
There isn't much to write about today it seems. I haven't heard from Withee yet but haven't got my mail for today.
Think I'll write A.V. Winn a little note now & see where he is by now. He may already be gone from Kingman, Ariz.
Tell the baby (goo goo) for me.
Love to all 
Austin


1944 June 19th Monday

Dear Mother & Sis,

How's everything now? I'm O.K. and have been writing a few letters. I got the Enterprise today & now believe it or not Withie & A.V. Winn were both sent to the same field in Cali so they are back together again! I got a letter from both of them today. 
It's pretty hot here now but I'm not doing any hard work anyway. Mostly going to school & taking P.T.

How is the farming coming along? Is Aaron Green one of the boys on our farm? I saw in the paper where he was called up by the draft.

I hope Miss Josie Belle has heard from Jack by now. I have an idea he's on the Saipan Island fighting and it is really a tough fight going on there now. The biggest battle between the japs & our troops as yet. Maybe you better not mention it to her though for it would just make her more worried. I'll probably be here the rest of this month. How are things at Dyersburg A. Base? I probably won't get there but anyway it doesn't hurt to hope does it? I could go to Tampa Floridia 3rd Air Force by asking for it but then I'd be out of a chance to come to Halls. That's the 2nd Air Force. There is a place in Texas real close to Marfa that some go to. Id sure hate to go there though. CALLED PYOTE. 
Here's a few pictures of Roswell. My next base is Lincoln, NEB, almost for sure.  I see the Life of Mark Twain is on the shows tonite. Ill probably see it. I see almost as many as Hughey. He sent me a list of about 50 pictures he'd seen this year. I checked off the ones I'd seen on it for him. I better go now, I've gotta get me another pair of shoes from the Q.M. 
Love Austin

Later:
How is the baby doing? Does the hot weather bother him?
I have a nice pair of shoes here if anyone could use them & sure have trouble getting a pair of shoes to fit. They are just a little too narrow at my little toe so I can hardly wear them. I'll probably send them to you & if John or grandpa can't use them you can sell them for about $2.50 - I don't have the use a cupon for this type of shoes.

Bye again
Austin

1944 Tuesday Nite June 20

Dear Folks,

Excuse the blot, this is the only sheet of stationery I have with me so will have to use it anyway. How is everyone? I'v been pretty busy this afternoon. Flying again. I have to go to the flight line at 430 in the morning but will not fly I don't think. They just got a new order that every member of a Squadron has to report to the line every time his Sqd. calls.

It's still hot here and guess it's the same there too. Am writing in kind of a hurry so hope you can read this. Gotta get home & get to bed so I can wake up in the morning.

The picture about Mark Twain last night was real good.
What was this mother was writing about me having a lot of strings to my bow? And also just as she had gotten a letter from Oletta!!! I got a 10 page letter from a girl named Arvilla in Omaha, Neb. Just upon recommendations of my room-mate Wither (HA HA). When he was home he gave this girl my address etc. She is his girlfriend's buddy. Since I'm a "free man" again I have written to several. Not that I ever have been engaged but you know after so long people think you're engaged anyway.
How many leaves are on the cotton stalks now? I guess some is ready to chop the 2nd time isn't it. Did you say you got a roll of films. They sell film here but you have to bring the camera & let them load it up for you. HA

Would send for mine but it probably wouldn't get back in time for me to use it any.

Have written about all the news. The war news sounded good today. I see shot 300 Jap planes down last Sunday around the Saipan Islands. And they have thousands of German prisoners taken in France.

How is John Winn doing? 
Bye Bye
Nity Nite
Austin

1944
Thursday June 22

Dear Mother & all,
Just a little note this morning so you can at least hear from me. I just ate breakfast & am in the lobby of the mess hall (HA). Have to go to P.T. in a few minutes. We are wearing our gas masks again today. Every Thursday.

How is everything around home? Looks like another hot day here. We had bananas this morning with grape nuts. Our old stand-by for breakfast is fried eggs & hot cakes (every day since I've been here) (molasses) honey too. Have a variety at all other meals. The breakfast is OK too. Because there is always several kinds of cereals & milk, coffee, toast, jelly.
I'll drop this in the P.O. on my way back to the barracks. I've got go way back over there to change clothes for P.T.
Love to all
Austin


Friday June 22 (?)
Dear folks,

How are you taking the hot weather? I guess it's about as hot there as it is here. Yesterday afternoon I stood it O.K. In fact I kept real cool & had a good time also. About 15 of us boys went out to the Bottomless Lakes swimming & boat riding. We had a grand time. I'll send a picture of the lake we were swimming in.

I went to school this morning, but have the afternoon off.Don't know what I'll do probably fool around the Post & go into town tonight. Just got a hair-cut. I have the little leather bag all packed up ready to ship back home (HA HA) Can't seem to find the right place for it can I. I put the shoes in it

Well, I just peeped out & there is a dark cloud & looks like a shower is coming real soon. It's beginning to rain now. Maybe it will cool things off a bit.

I got a letter from Uncle Melvin & Aunt Virgie yesterday. I sent after Paul Sales address the other day.

Think I'll write Paul a letter now while I have the time.

Hope everything is okay & John Winn is not giving you too much trouble. Has John ever spanked him yet? HA

I hope none of the livestock have contracted the disease they have on the State Farm. Good healthy growing stock won't be liable to catch the disease, I don't think. If the hogs aren't sleeping in the dust etc.

Well Solong for now 
Love Austin

1944 Sunday June 25

Dear Mother,

It's still hot here, HA. I'm just trying to keep cool today. We had a lecture this morning at 9:00 that looks like it's getting to be a habit. Wasn't too long though & was very interesting.

I just wrote Paul Sales a letter, I didn't write him the other day when I mentioned it in your letter that I was. Dottie has begun writing to me again & she sent me a nice little 3x5 picture of herself. Guess I'll have to be careful what I write to these girls.

What's Sister & John Winn doing now? Am glad the baby likes my bed so well. Is Sister & John staying at your house at nite too? I didn't get that straight in your last letter.

Am glad the crops look fine. There are a few cotton fields around which look pretty good too. I met a big ranchers daughter last nite & she invited me OUT to go horseback riding. Some time. I probably won't be here long enough to do that
though. 

It's time for dinner so will have to leave you here.  Sure wish I could
get in on some of your fried chicken. We have chicken once in a while but ours aren't fried. Big tough Birds I guess (HA HA)
Bye Bye now & Love to all -
Austin


1944
Monday June 26

Dear Mother & Sis,
Have just come from supper. Had meat loaf. Was very good too. I got your letter & have been figuring on my income tax. Think I'll have about $230 to pay. That is what I estimated it. I'll pay 1/3 now & 1/3 in the Fall sometimes. I'll keep these figures & let you know all about it before you make out the taxes at the end of the year.
Sure would like to see the crops and livestock. Have the neighbors (STATE FARM) gotten rid of the arthritis in their livestock?
Today we have been down on the flilght line getting practical Maintenance  on the B-17 airplanes. Going all over them and learning how they work & where everything is & how it works etc.
No I haven't heard from Frank Bonds boy anymore. Am glad someone heard from Waits finally. I guess they were glad to hear.
Withee got to be a co-pilot for a boy he already knew. From his home town. That was real lucky.

[... may be missing a page ...]


Dear Mother and All,

Have just eaten dinner & have a little time before going to ground school. We had our Physical Fitness tests this morning & I know my muscles will be sore tomorrow. 
The weather is hot but not too sultry. A little breeze keeps things bearable I guess.

How are things with you? What are they planting in the pasture between house of Store?

There is a chance that I might get to come by home on my way to the next field. Sure hope so. Don't depend on it too much though. Has grandpa ever got his check straightened out? Hope he is well & lively as ever.

Does John kill any Squirrel now or is the season closed?

How is Mary getting along in Memphis? Does anyone hear from her? And what is Ruth doing? Guess Joe Harry had a great time at the fair grounds didn't he!! I must stop about now so
Bye Bye till tomorrow
Love to all,
Austin


June 1944 Thurs nite 
29th

Dear Mother & all,

Just a line before bed-time. Have been into town & thought I'd better write as I didn't get to yesterday. We had a big rain here last nite (most we've had since the war here). I was over at the mess hall eating supper when it started. I got soaking wet coming home. Didn't bother me any though.

How is everything around home?
I got a letter from Mary today said she was going home for the 4th of July.
Don't guess there will be much fire-works on this side got the 4th Will it!

I will have to move to a different part of the Post on the 1st if we are still here. We will have to make room for the next class (44-F)' 44 E is already here too. I'll eat my meals here at the officers club after the 1st also. Pay for them at each meal. We were issued meal tickets & could eat the mess hall here to fore.
But of course we paid for the meals once a month that way.
I sent the check off today for my income tax. $112 for 1/2 of it.
I got a card from you today.
Its 10:30 so I better run along to bed. Tell John Mary * John Winn hello for me.
Know he's real cute & still growing. How much does he weigh by now?
That's all for toniteLove,
Austin
