Aug 1st, 1944

Dear Mother & all,

Was glad to get your letter yesterday, also glad to know you got the bonds O.K. The $100 one was the one I'm having taken out of my pay regularly.
the $50 was just an extra I happened to buy while at Lincoln.

I'm going to school this afternoon and flying tonight - I got a letter from Jack yesterday - I also got one from Paul Sales a few days ago.

It's almost time for the mail so think I'll go out & see about it and then finish your letter - well I won't go yet either cause I'd probably have to wait on the mail a while.

Well how is everything going around the farm? Am glad no more of the cattle have died - that was bad about Mr Roe getting the disease wasn't it? How is he getting along by now?

Oh sister asked about some numbers that I had written on a little pamphlet I sent home. They didn't mean a thing, I just jotted them down during some lecture we had there at Lincoln.

What's new around Henning? (HA) Is Mr Vaughn still away? While we were processing here they took my picture & some facts to send to my hometown paper. They probably won't send it for quiet a while though as it was to be sent telling that I was going overseas etc. I bet it's a funny looking picture - all dressed in a heavy leather coat with helmet & earphones on. I didn't crack a smile either he took it so quick (Ha)
Well I guess I better quit for today. I have to eat dinner and get out to ground schoolI bought me a pair ofsun glasses here. The sun is
so bright & glaring
Guess the crops are about laid. 

by
Love, Austin

Dear Folks,

How is everyone today? Everything is fine around here - I flew last nite til 12:30. Had 3 teeth pulled this morning and am flying in the morning so I'll have to get up at 4:30 A.M. So I'll have to eat & get to the briefing room about 3:30 in order get to the briefing room. I need an alarm clock for this early rising - We won't be flying but about 1 time a week though at such early hours - I also had P.T. today & my shoulders feel a little sun-burned. Hadn't been in the sun much since I left Roswell.

I sent Mother a magazine this morning that has pictures and a story of the B-29. Read the story and you'll know a little about the plane.

It sure is an enormous plane - Weighs more than 50 Tons without a bomb load -
How's the sweet little boy doing now? Wish I could see him in his Sun-suits - Am glad you got the good rain. 

How's is Otho getting along now? So he thinks I'll get another furlough, huh- Well Could be! Hope so anyway. I sent for a subscription to an Army Magazine "Yank" for him - He doesn't know it but he would like to read it I'm sure-
Only members of the armed forces or Honorably discharged Members can subscribe to it.

I hope he is still at the farm- He said he might have to go South for the winter -
It's time for supper now so I'll be eating - Love to all,
Austin

--- PAGE 6 ---
Wednesday nite, Aug 2

Hi Again,

I just wrote you a letter a little while ago but since I found a picture of "Hell's Angels" - This is the plane I'd need to write about when at Roswell. You can put this in the album or on the wall in my room either - Those are names an addresses all over the ship - Painted on it by mechanics & crews while it was in England - They were showing it in Oklahoma when this picture was made - Then they sent it to Roswell to be used as a training ship - Hope I wake up at 3:30 in the morning - Good nite
Love Austin

--- PAGE 7 ---
This is A B-17 Fortress
The B-29 is a Super Fortress

--- PAGE 8 ---
Army Air Base
Alamogordo, New Mexico
Aug. 3

Thursday Nite

Hello All,

What's new around Cherry? I got up at 3:15 this morning so made it to the flight line in plenty of time - got a ship assigned to us and Capt. Cook & I took one of the planes up without an instructor - We were the first crew to do this, course he has been flying this plane for a month already but still that's pretty good - I flew the plane about 1/2 the time but he landed & took-off I stay in contact with the crew over the radio & tell them what to do etc. Planned on going to a show tonight - Haven't been to a picture since we've been here.

Hope everyone is all ok.
How is Mrs. Nave by now? Hope she stood the operation all right.
I went to school this afternoon - Had Engineering, Navigation - tomorrow I go to School & take P.T.
If the schedule stays the same we will fly every other day - Have P.T., or Ground School every day -
Gotta go now
Love
Austin

--- PAGE 10 ---
1944
Saturday Aug 5

Hello Folks,

How is everyone today? I'm O.K., except that I just took two more shots a few minutes ago so expect my arms to be sore by tonite.

I'm flying this afternoon & then have all day Sunday and till 10 o'clock Monday off - if my arms aren't too sore I may go to El Paso or Roswell one of the other. I still have to go back in another week & get a typhus shot & then after that get a yellow fever shot. So I'll be all plugged full holes before I leave here.

I have some things I'll probably have to have you send to me before the end of the month. 

We are supposed to have full equipment of dress in any part of the world with us at all times. So you can get my short coat and wool gloves out to send me. I'll let you know if I'm sending anything home then you can use the same thing to send them back in.

The short coat is the cream colored coat about finger tip length and the gloves are in the till of the trunk in my room - I don't need the scarf - I have so much stuff now & can't pack it with me. 


I've got to get another heavy pair of shoes & leggings, raincoat, wool underwear etc.

I like sleeping under the skeeter-bar - it's cooler because otherwise you had to pull a sheet up over your head to burn up.

I wrote A.V. a letter last nite - He is at Musoc, Calif- a Copilot on a B-24 Liberator. Yes I saw the pictures in the Life Magazine. Wanted to send you one of the magazine but couldn't find one at a news stand anywhere.

Robert Winn's wife has come out here so he is living in town now - I have the room all to myself again & no radio. But I am never there only to sleep anyway- You might have one of the little radios fixed to send me at my next base if you like- Robert is from Los Angeles, Calif. So is Capt. Cook -he was formerly from Oklahoma though. Mst gunners are from the East Coast.

I saw Frank Sinatra at the Show last nite - Picture "Step Lively" - Has Miss Lovy come home yet? What's Oletta doing now? Guess she is anxiously waiting for school to start - Hope she likes it fine. I owe her a letter now but I've just got time to eat dinner and go to the flight line. 

The Allies really made a big push forward in France yesterday And the Russians are really doing good too. Things in that theater look pretty close to an end. 

What's new Jack, Waits or Billy? Also how is Mrs. Nave? Well I'll say ByeBye now, tell John Winn Sweet hello for me. 

Love & Best Wishes Austin

Sunday afternoon,
August 6th

Dear Folks,

How is everyone at home? Things are fine here I guess — I didn't go anywhere over the weekend because I flew till P.M. And too I had taken the shots Sat. morning. They don't hurt so much but still you don't feel too much like going anyplace—I went to church again this morning.

I am getting behind on my letter writing so will try to catch up a little today—Was sorry to hear Mrs. Nave is so bad sick — Will be hard on Otho & Jr.

Guess John got his spenking on his birthday? I know Rebecca kept you busy while she was there.

The weather isn't too hot around here now it seems. I got a letter from Withee also today. He's doing O.K.

I guess you didn't lose your vote at the election did you! I must say Bye now and write a few other letters.

Love to all,
Austin

Hope John Turner does get home pretty soon.
I won't go to S.C., though I'm sure - He was flying in B-24s they've changed this to a B-29 Base since he was here.

Monday — Aug 7, 1944

Hello Mother & all,

How is everything today? We had a nice rain last nite & I got caught out in it - Didn't get much wet. Sure was a good nite for sleeping. I go to ground school this afternoon & fly tonite. Yesterday I wrote 8 letters so I'm almost caught up but not quite.

I guess John is getting some good wood, and you've already ordered your coal. That's good.

The War News in Europe looks good - We have a big map with the allied lines marked on it and it keeps them busy trying to keep up with the armies just changing lines on the maps. I saw some good pictures at the show last nite, pictures of the invasion on June 6th & also lots of war news pictures and of the Democratic Convention.

I took 3 shirts & 2 trousers to the cleaners a week ago Friday & went after them this morning. And they aren't back yet. Also put 3 trousers & 1 shirt in today so I'm almost clothesless now (HAHA). The laundry has never come either since I've been here.

I put a little note in here for Mother. It's almost time for dinner too and also mail time. I'll add a few more lines if I get a letter from you in the mail --. Bye now Austin

LATER: I just ate Chow but haven't gotten the mail yet. I'll add another line or two anyway before going to school. 

How is John Winn doing today? Guess he has grown a lot since I've been home. Sure hope Mrs. Nave is improving by now. Guess Otto is missing several days of working at the farm now isn't he! We had pork chops for dinner today. 

Everyone that comes by is studying the War news & looking at the maps etc. Really is interesting. 

I must stop now have gotta get over to school now.

Love to all
Austin

Wednesday nite Aug 9, 1944

ARMY AIR BASE
ALAMOGORDO, NEW MEXICO

Dear Mother & All,

Guess I better write you a few little lines tonight. Has been quite a long day as I got up at 3:30 this morning - We had a Bombing Mission took 13 crew members & 20 Bombs up - Was real nice and smooth up - The weather was smooth, cloudy & we were way above the clouds - Sure was pretty to look down on the tops of the rolling fluffy clouds.

Am going to a show in a few minutes - Tomorrow I take a physical fitness test where we just wear ourselves out doing sit ups, chin ups, & running a 300 yds dash. Boy you don't feel good the rest of the day after that. Then I'll take a yellow fever shot at 1 o'clock & go to school in the afternoon till 5:30

The 2nd 2 shots that I got last Saturday didn't hurt too much - Not as much as the first two did - Then I get another typhus shot the day after tomorrow - And that's all - I hope.

Ah yes, I got the compass while I was home - Can you send those things on to me some way - I think I'll need them before I have time to send a package home & then let you return them to me .
Remember: SHORT COAT + WOOL gloves
That's all I'll need I think - You can wad the coat up anyway you like - I'll have it cleaned before I wear it anyway - How's grandpa?
Well that's all for today - Love to All,
Austin

Saturday
Nite Aug 12, 1944

Hello Mother & All,

Was glad to get 2 letters from you & sister today. Due back to P.T. of Ground School today and I'll be flying tomorrow nite (Sunday). Can't seem to work it out where I can go anywhere on a weekend - Next weekend Ill see me flying Saturday nite and so on & on it goes. I hear we/ll finish  we'll finish our flying here around Aug 21st or it may be August 28th. Anyway we won't leave before 1st of month.

I heard President Roosevelt speaking this afternoon from aboard a ship - He'd just come back from a tour of Hawaii & the Aleutians etc. Maby you heard it too.

What do you think! I haven't got any shots to write about in this letter anyway. 

We have an alarm clock now in our room. Thanks for trying to get one anyway. And I'll get me a sewing kit this week from the P.X.

At least I can go to church here each Sunday. I've been off the field once since I've been here. I still have that roll of film but cannot take pictures on the field. Maby I'll think of something to snap tomorrow.

Yesterday I was up dropping bombs and we had real good luck. We were hitting the center of the target from 12,000 ft up.

They are having a dance at the club tonite. It's just officers and their wives that dance though because there aren't any single girls around this place.

They have some good music usually-Think I'll probably go to a show tonite though at 8:30. There isa double feature on tonite.

I'll send the air mail as I didn't get to write yesterday. How is Miss Lovy and all the family? Does
Miss Josie Belle still come over tohear the news?

We had Baked-ham or Swiss Steak tonight for supper-

Did you say you were helping serve at a Farm Bureau Picnic? Also going to a picnic given by the Duchanville WSCS.
the Duchenville WSCS-

Guess John is doing some hay baling now that he owns a baler.

I haven't heard the song "I'm going to build a big fence around Texas". I'll be listening for it though.

It sure takes a long time to get anything done at Youngers' jewelers doesn't it? How does Oleta like teaching school?
I got several cards and letters today. A picture folder from Milwaukee, Wis. From Auntie. She was down there shopping. She had a week's vacation.

You asked about writing a sketch for the paper - I'd rather wait a little while to see where I go from here then I'll send you a write up. (ha) Did I tell you The Army took my picture when I got here to send to my hometown paper. So they could have too much publicity. That's about all for tonite. So let's say bye-bye.

Love & Kisses
Austin

Dear Folks,

I have a little time to write before supper - I'm flying tonight so will have to hurry. I've been trying to catch up on writing lately to a few  people I've missed writing to lately.

I had already written Wilbur before you sent my address.

Since I've been here, I've been getting letters from a girl at Roswell. She wanted to know your address so she may write you a letter. (Ha Ha) I sent her some of the pictures to look at and she seemed to like your picture so much.

I went out with her a couple times while I was at Roswell. She is real nice and good looking too. It seems that every one I write to begins getting serious. She says she may get her mother & drive her down to see me some week-end if I don't get down there soon if I don't get to come to Roswell. . They have a big Buick car. She is one of the girls I was telling you about. Her friend is the big Rancher's  daughter. They like to go out & ride horses.

I am glad you went to the picnic. I'll be looking for you in the paper - I got one today but it was last week's paper. Boy John Winn sure seems to be growing. I'd like to see him now. He is strong to be tearing up those toys, isn't he!
Ask John which one of the Smith boys it was that got killed.

I am glad Jack got the picture of Miss Joie Belle! Has she written about getting one of me? I sent him one of the moustache pictures. (HA) It's time I'm eating supper now so I'll say bye-bye. 
Love to all,
Austin

Monday
August 14, 44
Dear Mother and All,

How is everyone today? I've been kinda looking around today - Flew last nite & will fly in the morning at 3:30 again - Luckily though I have an alarm clock to wake me up this time - I have never missed waking up though any way but never seem to get much sleep - I keep waking up looking at my watch to see if it's time to get up.

Later: I just ate supper and a couple of the boys & myself are writing letters. I went to the show this afternoon and spent a couple hours - I still have that roll of film as I've had no occasion to take any pictures.

Last nite we took a load of bombs up & dumped them on the target. Had good luck and hit the target with all the bombs.

Last nite we were first scheduled to take a cross-country to Phoenix & Yuma, Ariz. But didn't have a navigator to take along so made a bombing mission instead- We wouldn't have needed a navigator but that is one of the rules of the field -
I'll try to draw a sketch of where all the crew is in The plane I don't know how it'll look (HA)

Maybe you can get a little idea about the plane from the drawing. You see its around 100 ft long- when we pressure
the cabin you have to go through  that tunnel to get around in the plane- We have telephones for each crew member
& that is one of my main jobs to talk back & forth to them in the rear end
and tell them what to do & let them know what's going on up front sometimes also.
We can go up to 30,000 ft & still the cabin pressure will be the same as if we were
only 10,000 ft up-

How has John Winn been lately? I've  got to fix up my laundry tonite - I finally got the first batch back that I sent off. It has to go to St. Bliss down at El Paso. Doesn't seem to be much to write about tonite.

Later: Well I've been over to the barracks & got my laundry ready. Also shaved & showered so I won't have to shave so early in the morning - It's 9:00 now but stile too hot to try to go to sleep. Boy the time is sure flying by it seems. Its OK as long as you're busy but today I haven't had a single thing to do and no where to go either, so will have to admit I've been kinda lonesome. Tomorrow ill be busy enough to make up for today though - We fly right up till 12:30 & then have to be in school at 1:30 - you hardly have time to get back & change clothes & get a bite to eat.

Some of this information might be considered as confidential so don't show it to any spys! (HAHA)
This is about all I can think up tonight - so I'll be saying good-nite -
Love to all,
Austin

--- PAGE 30 ---
1944
Tuesday August 15

Dear Folks,

Everyone is talking about the invasion of Southern France this morning. The intelligence officers are having to put up another map now to show this part of France.

I went down to the flight line at 3:30 this morning and they didn't have enough planes ready to fly to go around this morning so I got back about 6 AM. Went back to bed till around 9.

We have our final exam in engineering this afternoon. The rumor is still going around about another delay in route. Sure hope it's true.

I've just eaten dinner & it's almost time to get to school. So I'll be going now.

Love,
Austin

Thursday Aug 17,1944

Dear Folks,

Didn't get to write yesterday. Am going to a show in about 15 minutes so will have to make this short too. Have been flying home this afternoon.

Thought your plans were just fine mother. You'll get what I'm talking about won't you - You know the other note I sent you?

How is everyone, all the neighbors? Is Estelle in Cherry? I got a letter from her today. They are expecting Neal at home in Sept. Tell the baby hello. I'll be going now.

Love
Austin

Monday
Aug 21, 1944

Dear folks,

I haven't written you in a couple days this time. Have been real busy. Well Evelyn and her mother drove down Sunday morning and we went to Ruidoso for the day - it's a summer resort up in the mountains. Sure was nice and cool & we had lots of fun too. Took the roll of film I'd been saving since Lincoln. There was certainly plenty of beautiful scenery up there.

I got up at 3:30 this morning, but luckily didn't have to fly so got back to bed by 5:30, slept til 8:30 - then took Link training till noon - went to school this afternoon & got 6 letters in the mail. I am really behind on letter writing now.

I guess I wrote you last Sat! Anyway I took my last shot (yellow fever)
Also had my teeth inspected And they were all O.K. I have a letter from Harry K. A letter from Paul Sales
How is everyone around Cherry?
I hope Miss Josie Belle has heard from Jack again by this time - Also hope Oletta or her mom has heard from Bill and Waits.

Tell John Winn "Hello" also his Daddy - (HA)
Hoping to see you soon.
Love to all
Austin

P.S. I'll try one more Air Mail Maby It'll make better connections than the last one did.

1944, Tuesday nite
Aug 22

Dear Folks,

How is everyone now? I'm in Alamogordo New ("CAFE") waiting for a sandwich I ordered - I came in to get some clothes cleaned - The cleaning in town takes only a couple days and it's over a week on the Base.

I just went to a show and saw "And The Angels Sing".  Was real funny

Today I've been firing the .45 automatic pistol and qualified as a Marksman. Just got this stationery at the duty store - First I've seen with the B-29 on it

I'm flying tomorrow afternoon, Excuse me! My sandwich is here!

--- PAGE 35 ---
LATER: Same nite

Am back at my barracks & ready for bed. The sandwich was real good and I also had a big slice of ice cold watermelon. Sent you a card from the bus station.

I met a McKnight boy from Tenn. He was kin to lots folks around Nankipoo. He's a Radio operator. Better get to bed now so these other guys can sleep (turn out light). Got a nice 2 lb. box of cookies from Addie today - also got a telegram from Evelyn.

So long for now

Nitey nite.
With love
Austin

--- PAGE 36 ---
Will drop you another note as soon as I find out how is everyone today? I got your letters yesterday How does the pen write now, I guess it has a new point on it!! Well Solong for now Will write more later today Bye with Love Austin

1944 31st Aug 9 AM
Hello folks,
It looks like I'm not going to get any leave this time. We've been sweating it out now and we are to leave here tonite I guess, I'm going to Great Bend, Kansas

I have a lot to do today.
Pack up my clothe and I also have to run out into town & get some out of the cleaners. The Headquarters have tried to get us a few days delay but I think the planes are just waiting up at Great Bend for us to come fly them so maby some other time we'll be luckier. I didn't expect it too much anyway. But that's all we've talked about for the past 3 weeks. (Ha) I'll know for sure  some time today so will drop you another note as soon as I find out.

How is everyone today? I got your letter yesterday. How does the pen write? Now I guess it has a new point on it. ! 

Well so long for now. Will write more later today.

With love,
Austin

Dark Canyon Road
Picturesque U.S. highway 70. (Old Baldy) White Mountains background between Alamogordo and Ruidoso on the Mescalero Apache Indian Reservation.
SaturdAUGUST 26th
Hello FoR KELLO & Nite
Just a card to show you how we're doing tomorrow. I'm off to go to Ruidoso again - was kind of nice up there - nothing new about leaving here - Am all through trying to get a letter & the LADY Cop paper today. Am all through trying to get a letter & the LADY Cop paper today. Am all through trying to get a letter & the LADY Cop paper today. Shots also. Tell all hello. Tell John to save me a few shells (HA)
Better go now Love Austin
