1944
MAAB
Apr 5th

Dear Mother and All,

How's everyone this morning, especially Sister & the baby? I've gotta shoot skeet again today, that's lot's of fun I think. I've finished all my flying time but still have to ride as Co-Pilot Thursday for Woolson as he is way behind! He's been sick & got behind.

I got my new uniform & tried it on - fits just swell. I haven't heard about the reservations yet, may get some news in the mail this morning.

We are having our graduation exercises April 14th now. I also hear there will be a program on the radio (N.B.C.) that day from here so try to tune in if possible. It may be as early as 8 A.M., but don't think so. Maybe you'll see it in the Radio Clock in the newspaper.

I guess John is getting lots of work done now with 2 tractors. Does he still buy his gas wholesale?

I saw a nice show last nite. We did some tumbling exercises this morning. Well how's The little Kid - Write me about him. I guess you've already done so though it just hasn't gotten here yet.
I need to write Harvey Kinney a letter now so'll say Bye Bye.
Love & All,
Austin


Marfa, Texas
April 10, 1944

Hello folks,

Well it's Monday noon now and we're having some of the worst dust storms I've ever seen. Boy you can't get out of the house. We're going to a couple lectures this afternoon on combat experience. I'm getting my clothes all fitted up and think they're gonna look nice. I've got some pictures like my class-book picture made. They aren't very good though I've got a funny expression on my face. Guess I'll send cousin Wilbur one, he asked me to send him one when I graduated. The boys are already packing their bags for their furlough. We have some nice roomy traveling bags issued to us. I'll send my flying equipment on to my next base in my parachute bag & I have a nice big case like the flyer had that ate supper with us.

Morning
Had a low weather [letter torn at top] ... had to fly.
I'll be glad to get away from this Texas heat. It's OK here as long as the wind doesn't blow too hard but boy you need a gas mask on to go anywhere today.

Guess I'll send out my graduation announcements in the morning. Boy I've waited until I was sure I'd graduate because nothing is very certain as long as you're a cadet. There is always some chance you'll slip up somewhere & get washed out as they call it.

I guess I'll ride the train from Dallas as we never heard a word from the airlines since I had to change the reservations - Don't forget the radio program on April 14th.

We had a nice Easter service at church Sunday. We had a song and a little recitation from some of the Sunday School children - Little girls & boys about 8 or 10 yrs old.

Must say goodbye now - Love to all and see you soon

Cherio,
Austin

=== Invitation to Graduation ===
Austin H. Winn

Pilot, Air Corps
Army of The United States

The Army Air Forces Pilot School of
Marfa, Texas
announces the graduation of
Class 44-D
on Saturday, April the fifteenth
nineteen hundred and forty-four
Marfa Air Base
Post Theater

[Hotel Paso del Norte stationary]
April 1944

Dear Mother Hall,

I'm still in El Paso and have had a very nice time today. I visited Juarez Mexico this morning and saw a good show this afternoon. I'm leaving for Roswell in the morning at 8:30 by Greyhound Bus. Will get there around 1 PM the same day. Guess you got the telegram. O.K., I had the nicest trip air OK, I had the nicest trip I've ever made anywhere. So nice and comfortable also had my supper served on the plane (no extra charge). Am staying in the Officers Club Dormitory here.

How's John Winn getting along? Hope he isn't getting too fussy. (ha ha) He is really a fine baby, and I'm very proud to be his uncle. Thank John for the trip to Memphis - hope he did O.K. with the hog prices.

Better go now - ill mark a spot for Roswell on the back of the envelope so you can see where it is. (NORTH EAST OF El Paso)

Love to all
Austin

2nd Lt Aus ....
RAAF S/O Detachment
Roswell, New Mexico

[Post Card]
1944
Roswell, New Mexico
Wednesday Nite

A W
Hello Mother,
Just a note before going to bed tonight - I had a lovely trip from El Paso by bus - Really it was OK and staying in town tonight I will report in the morning. I went back to the jail this afternoon and it looks like a nice place Big too -
I went to a show tonight so I better take a shower and get in bed
Will write more when I settled down so don't expect to get too many letters in the next couple days.
Kello?
Love to all
Austin


April 1944
R.A.A.F.
Thursday 27th

Hello Folks,
Am getting around over the field & trying to get settled. I've got temporary quarters for tonite & it looks like it is O.K.
Am just sending my address and a hello.
Tell all hello ~
Love
Austin

2nd Lt Austin H. Winn 0-774857.
S/O Class 44 - 4-D, RAAF
Roswell, New Mexico

April 27th Thursday nite 1944

Dear Mother,

What's new around home? I'm all fixed up here temporarily at least. I got all my papers filled out and cleared to the different offices that we had to go to upon reporting. I think I'll like it here fine. Since we are Officers we can go any-where when we aren't busy. Visit Roswell any nite if we feel like it. We'll probably be too tired for that very much though.

I got a vaccination for small-pox this morning. We have plenty of entertainment around here too. All types of games, 7 theatres.

It's almost 10 o'clock now & we'll have a busy day tomorrow. How's sister & her family? I'll need my trench coat as it's pretty cool here at Nite.

The long pink coat. Send it Parcel Post (or any way you like). Insure for $50.00 Please!  You can put it in the leather bag. No need to send any wool pants or shirts though. Send the shoes.
Thanks a lot.

Love,
Austin

2nd Lt Austin H Winn O-774857
S/O Class 44D RAAF
Roswell, New Mexico

1944 Sunday Nite
April 30

Dear Mother & Sister,

Hi there everyone, I'm back in school again at least for the first week it seems - we are going 7 hours a day including today (Sun.) and get 1 hour of P.T. I got moved yesterday at noon & I live about a mile from the flightline. In what is known as the (B.O.Q.) Bachelor Officers Quarters. I walk over every morning to bring my books (which weigh about 20 lbs) & stay all day till time for P.T., before going back to my quarters.

2 to a room. Withee is with me, a boy from Oshkosh, Wisc., that is, has been with me since Oshkosh. We have a Robert Winn here in my same class & section. He's from Los Angeles, Calif.

We are learning a lot about the B-17 before we ever get into one to fly it.
I saw John Edd Craig last nite. He still looks the same. I haven't run into Roy Crowder yet.

The food here is really the best. Ice cream & pie almost every meal.

How John Winn? I got a letter from you & sister yesterday. How did you get the telegram from me? I didn't know whether it would come by mail or telephone. I just called from the depot and it cost 40¢. I wrote Harvey Kinney a letter tonight. It's about time I started toward home. I need to clean the place up a little & unpack some of my stuff. I got a letter from the "Treasury Dept." wanting me to estimate the amount of income & victory tax I would pay for 1944. Has John filled out anything like that for me?

How's Oletta making it around there these days? Does she stay with you any. I guess you're still down at sisters a lot.

I hope the rains have let up a bit. I see the Miss river is real high. I guess you've got backwater too now. Did Inez & Joe M really get married? Do they live at the State Farm?

Well I gotta go now. I must say I enjoyed my visit with you all more than you know. Wish I could come more often but will have to wait till we get this war under control.

Love to all, 
Austin
