Officers' Club  
Roswell Army Air Field  
Roswell, New Mexico  

Friday Nite
May 5th

Dear Mother,
Well I'll try to send you a few lines before bed time. We had a very hot day today. This morning I fired 80 rounds with the 30cal Carbine rifle. It really is a nice rifle and I could hit the bulls eye pretty near every time. 

Tomorrow I begin flying the B-17. We've studied all this past week on the operation of the engines & other equipment. These planes are over a 100 ft wide and about 20 ft high. I saw a show last nite. We can do what ever we like at nite. Leave the posts if we like. There's just as much to do here on the field though as in town. (even more)

I saw Roy Crowder yesterday. /He was going to work on the line as I went to the Oxygen dept. to get my mask fitted.

How's that boy getting along now? I do hope you're well also. Has the water gone down some so John can farm?

Has anyone heard from either Waits or Jack since I've been gone? I wrote to both of them since I've been here. I've never heard from Dotty any more. Guess it's better that way though. I've not written to her either. Did I tell you about the letter I had gotten just before coming home! Maybe sister will remember it anyway. Anyway I hope she has eaten something by now. I know three of the fellows on the picture with me from Memphis - Finnie, Trask, Benford. 

Tomorrow is Saturday and the end of a week. We won't be flying or going to school this Sunday.

Talking about how big this plane is, the tire tread is 24 feet around. The plane weighs about 40,000 lbs (20 tons). Will hold over 3000 gallons of gasoline etc. I can't tell the exact amounts & all that I'd like to tell you. 

I better get to bed now so I can get up early enough in the morning. We just get ourselves up now and there's no one to wake us up.

Tell all hello for me,  
and loads of love,  
Austin

--- PAGE 4 ---
P.S. IN WRITING TO ME YOU DON'T NEED TO PUT MY SOCIAL NO ON MY ADDRESS - I HAVE TO PUT IT THERE THOUGH TO SEND IT FREE.

--- PAGE 5 ---
Dear Mother of all,

Was glad to get your letter just now. Hope you've gotten rid of that cold and can see John Wim all you want.

Well I flew the B-17 4 hours & a half yesterday and will fly Torite from 6:30 PM to 1:00 AM in the morning - I have a good instructor, a Captain who just came back from England one month ago.

I got the bag with the clothes & shoes OK. Thanks a lot - I sent you a little picture of Nither and myself. We were in town yesterday afternoon a few minutes.

--- PAGE 6 ---
That back water is really staying up a long time isn't it? Have you seen the picture Bonnie Lynn took of us together? I want to get one of them when you do - it's almost supper time so I better eat & get down to the flight line.

I sent Mrs Sullivan a thank you for the present.
Solang now
Love & Kisses,
Austin

--- PAGE 7 ---
Thursday Nite May 11, 1944

Dearest Mother,

I'm over at the Recreation Hall so thought I'd drop you a line of two - How's everyone doing around the place? Is grandpa at home or still in Tipton? I got a nice box of cookies, candies, chewing gum, peanuts, etc. from Adeline yesterday. She really sends the nicest things. I sent her some ear-rings while I was in El Paso and she was so thrilled over them - Also sent me a couple snapshots of her. I may send these in a letter if you can send them back if I ask you too. Not tonight though 'cause I'll mail this while I'm out here tonite - I live

--- PAGE 8 ---
OFFICERS' CLUB
Roswell Army Air Field
Roswell, New Mexico

About a half mile across the field from there & about 3/4 mile from the flight-line - I really don't get enough walking - Hardly ever go back to the barracks at noon time unless I have to go change from flight clothes to my uniform - we are wearing khaki now most all the time. Wear our pink pants & green shirts sometimes if we're going to town or a pite etc. I hardly ever go to town though.

Well Sunday is your day. I do hope you have an enjoyable one - see in thinking of you while flying Sunday nite. Tell Sister John & John Winn all hello for me. Hope the baby is big enough to come up to see you in his vehicle. Gotta be going now.
Love,
Austin

--- PAGE 9 ---
Officers' Club  
Roswell Army Air Field  
Roswell, New Mexico  

May 14, 1944  
Sunday

Dearest Mother,

Have everything around home now? It's still very hot around here. I'm flying quite so have only a few minutes to write this. Just wanted to send you a line or two on Mother Day. Do hope you had a nice time today. I guess John is getting along every day. Winn is getting along up to your house yet? I just wrote Waits a letter this afternoon.

I bet John was glad to catch that big fish after not hooking for so long. Wish I could have helped you eat it. It seems like we been here on this field for a long time - Will be 3 weeks Thursday.

--- PAGE 10 ---
I've already eaten supper tonight. We had chicken, bread pudding, ice cream - Coconut Pie & Ice Cream for dinner today. I like the big planes OK. They will fly on 2 or 3 engines too - or even one engine in some cases. We practiced one engine landing yesterday morning and 3 engine landings last night. I got up at 4:30 for about 3 hours - I get up at 4:30 but sleep till 9:30 in the morning & then go from there to get into my flight suit. We are due on the line at 6:30 this afternoon.
Love To all
Austin

--- PAGE 11 ---
Dear Sis,

I enjoyed your letter very much today - Am so glad you can push John W. up to Mothers now - I let she enjoy the boy a lot.

I've been flying again today - Up at 4:30 this morning & also have flown every day for 5 days (Sundaynite) - Most the boys just fly every other day I go to ground school the other day but some-how I got a different deal - I'll get finished up with my flying earlier than they will. I have around 10 hours in now, just get 105 while I'm here at this field.

Tell mother "D Day" has no special word that D stands for - Just an Army Slang- We always have an "H Hour" for starting a Cross Country flight - if our H Hour is at 9:00

--- PAGE 12 ---
And we take off at 8:00 we just fly around locally until 9:00 before starting on the cross-country - at least that's my idea of it -
Did I tell you these planes weigh about 20 tons without being loaded with bombs etc.
I can't figure out why I don't hear from Jack either - he written again since he been here - Have you heard for sure that John Bishop has gone over-seas yet?
I hope John has some luck with his fish-lines this time. I gotta go now - Love to all,
Austin
P.S. I haven't gotten the hand Co Ext. since I've been here- Would you could see if my subscription is out? Thanks

--- PAGE 13 ---
Dear Mother,

How is everyone today? I'm all O.K., except a little tired after flying under the hood all afternoon. I have 43 hours in this place now and like it better every day.

I got the paper (L.C.E.) yesterday so hope Walter hadn't already called them about my subscription.

Tomorrow's your birthday, wish I was there to spunk you (ha ha) Mary. Sister will spunk enough for both of us. How's John Winn? Does he cry much? Me - Sister & John carried him to church. Already - Am glad he acted so nice down there.

--- PAGE 14 ---
I just read a little joke in the paper - it says = Before babies are born you give showers for them & after they're born they repay you ten fold -
I'll be glad to see the pictures anyway - Did you say you were sending them?
I have to go now- Hope you had a happy Birthday & have many more in store -
Lane, Austin

--- PAGE 15 ---
Dear Mollie,

Just a hello & a view from Ruidoso Way. Started you a letter but will finish it when I get back to the base. Came into town this afternoon for a little bit well well hello Ross, Austin

Mrs W.H. Weim
Hemingway Tenn.
R-2

--- PAGE 16 ---
Dear Dad,

I hope this letter finds you well. I'm writing from Waycross, Ga., where we're stationed now. The weather here is pretty cold and snowy. The mountains are beautiful with all the snow on them.

Take care,
Kello

--- PAGE 17 ---
1944
May 19
Friday Nite

Hello Mother + all,
Happy Birthday to you, and how's the rest of the folks? Have been pretty lousy today but just had a good supper + a shower. Withee & I are going to a movie here on the Field tonight. I got a letter from Adeline + one from You Today also one from Bobbye!! - Bobbye is a girl I met while in El Paso. Don't know if she have time to do any corresponding with her though.

Sunday Nite: Oh, me sin sorry I didn't get this mailed before now. We went to the show Friday & were busy all day Sat. We had a formal retreat parade + passed in review before a General. It was the 2nd anniversary of the RAAF.
This morning Withee & I went to church in town. Will enclose programme.

We are flying at 4:30 in the morning & will have duties until 12:00 tomorrow nite - We also fly every other day next week Sunday too - I've been carrying this letter in my pocket since Fri Nite. Reason it's so wrinkled up.

--- PAGE 18 ---
Was glad to get the clippings from the newspaper - I knew some of the Tucker boys. I had already written to Cousin Wilbur - Guess he'll hear from us both about the same time. That reminds me - I'm sending you that small picture you asked me about - I have intended to send it for a long time but must could think about it while I was at the barracks.
Must say goodnite & write another letter before going to bed - Tell sister John & J.W. hello
Love to all
Austin

--- PAGE 19 ---
1944
Wednesday
May 24th

Dear Mother & All,
Hope you haven't worried by not getting a letter from me for a few days. Have really been on the run this week. We are flying every day - And some of the days we're 18 hours long - up at 6:30 and then had lunch till 10:00 Monday night - up at 5:30
Had lunch till 10:00 Monday night - up at 5:30
Tuesday I flew till 2:00 this morning. Now up at 9:30 & as soon as I eat lunch at 1:30 it will go back to flying till around 7 this afternoon.
And doing OK with my flying though I think Wither is pretty worried about his - I think he is getting a check ride tomorrow if they may wash him out of B-17s. It's the instrument blind flying part that he has trouble with.

I've been getting a lot of mail the last few days & am behind on my writing too. Saw the piece in the Land Co. Paper & also got the Hi-life

--- PAGE 20 ---
Which Had a write up about me - Did you see that! After this week is up I'll probably be ready to begin my cross-country & high altitude flights. We were cruising around last nite up about 2 miles high. But we can go up 7018 miles in these planes - I made 100 on my navigation test the other day - we had a test on engineering yesterday - and one on instrument flying a couple days ago. I haven't heard from either of them yet though.

Tell sister & John & John W. with hello, Do you still call him both names at J.W.? I better get on over & eat. Then she gotta go back & change into flight clothes then walk about 3/4 mile back to the flight line - Hope the water down. Is John still fishing? Tell grandpa hello too, hope his pension is settled one way or the other.

Love to all
Austin

--- PAGE 21 ---
May 26 1944
Sat. Morning

Dear Mother,

How's everything lay now? We had a big rain last nite & didn't get to fly any later than 10 o'clock so I was glad to get the extra sleep. It's a few minutes till eleven now - we gotta go eat & be on the line at 12. All probably get my instrument check this morning - Withie Julek on his if they washed him out in B-17s. He is sure down hearted about it too. He has to move this morning too. He has to move this morning to another barracks with the others. That leaves boys who didn't get lay by myself & I'm sure miss him - He's been with me since Oshkosh - All probably git another Indie now sometimes

--- PAGE 22 ---
Several of the boys are going on an overnight Cross Country today - They will come back Sunday afternoon. They go to San Francisco, L.A., Chicago, Kansas City, Minneapolis, Oklahoma City etc. I'll probably go on one next weekend.

I got the paper you sent to me - Thanks but I had already gotten the one. Did you renew my subscription?

John Bishop is back at Ft. Meade Maryland - He expects to go our soon though - How Jack & Waits! Has anyone heard from Waits since his dad died? I got a letter from Wilmer D. the other day.

The baby must be growing by the size B that just. (haha)

--- PAGE 23 ---
Well I better go eat now and get to flying - we fly Sunday afternoon also.
I know that John is getting a lot of farming done with two tractors.
Nope I haven't ever slept yet - we've been getting up at 4:30 when we fly in the morning - and 6:30 when we fly afternoon.
Love to all
Austin
P.S. Mary sent me the pictures we took out by the store. Have you seen them?

--- PAGE 24 ---
1944
May 28th
Sunday nite

Dearest Mother,

Will send a few lines here tonight before bed time - Have been flying all afternoon - Did O.K. - I am ready for my Solo check now the next time I go up, they say we have us scheduled to fly every day next week including next Sunday too - I should be about through here by then.

Tomorrow & have ground School from 8:00 till 11:00 then have P.T. 1130 to 12:30 then lunch then Link Trainer in the afternoon and flying from 6:30 PM to 1:30 AM

We usually eat breakfast about 2AM when we fly off nite & then go to bed & sleep till around 10 o'clock the next morning - So we usually get around The sleep a nite anyway unless we stay up later than usual. Doesn't leave any time for writing letters though much

--- PAGE 26 ---
Missed out on the mail today - Didn't get any at all - I usually do get at least one letter a day - We get mail twice a day (11am & 4pm) on Week days & only at 11 am on Sun.
We had a little cloud come up this afternoon of a light shower. Clouds don't bother this B-17 very much - It is the subject airplane made & believe I flew "Hells Angels" today - That's a plane that has been in England for a good while - Its most renewal mission over Germany - It has at least 2000 names & addresses of soldiers from every state in the Union & even some addresses in England written all over it. It's a real sight just to look at - (names painted with white paint) and it looks like a jig-saw puzzle from a distance

--- PAGE 27 ---
It's getting kinda late for me now so I'll be running along. Am feeling just fine and still like it here O.K., still Hardley ever get off the field but purely we won't be so busy after this next week unless they send us to a school to learn office jobs which they are doing to some of the boys in former classes who hadn't been assigned yet.

I told you I got the pictures from Mary. Have you seen them yet? I can send them to you to look at if not!

Love to all
Austin

--- PAGE 28 ---
MARINE BARRACKS
U.S. NAVAL STATION
SEATTLE 99 WASH.
May 30, 1944

Dear Austin,
Received your letter yesterday and was tickled to hear from you. It had to be forwarded from the Base and was a good while reaching me.

Well a good bit has happened since I last wrote to you. I guess the big wigs decided I wouldn't make a radio operator worth anything so I was transferred. They were probably right about it too. I don't feel bad about it tho because they dropped a bunch of us and after all that's a pretty tough responsible job. They sent the younger fellows to the infantry as replacements and one other oldtimer and myself up here. There are 98 of us in this detail and all of us are 30 up to 40 years old. This makes me realize I'm beginning to get some years behind me. I was 31 last April.

We are being sent to Alaska or somewhere in the Aleutians for guard

--- PAGE 29 ---
duty. We will be out there for a years at least so the muscle-butt goes and I don't doubt it. I'd sure rather be up here tho than in those disease infested jungle islands.
We certainly saw some beautiful scenery on the way up here. I'd like to try the trout fishing in some of the streams we passed on the way up. We also had a nine hour lay over in Oakland, Calif. and got a chance to ride the ferry across the bay to San Francisco. Saw a good bit and had a nice time.
We are certainly having it easy up here. We have liberty every day at 3:30 and weekends too if we want them and so far no duty. I've been out two or three times to see the city but other than that they have just all that I want right here at the station.
Well buddy I wish you all the luck in the world and I know you'll make the grade and come out on top. Write to this address when you can they will be forwarded to me.
P.S. I use the "e" in my name.
Yours,
Harvey
