--- PAGE 1 ---
Dear Mother and Sister,

How is everyone around the place getting along? Day today has been a rough one - it's so cold and it started raining about 5 P.M. And it probably is splashing by now. I just wrote a letter to A.V. Winn just now. Also wrote to Wilbur J. Driver.

I got the Kodak pictures back today, and they are pretty good. You know the ones I took of our crew - we have to have some prints made so each of the crew can have some of them.

What's been going on that's new? I moved to a new room in the same barracks where it'll be warmer. We did live down close to the door and everyone was leaving the door open.

--- PAGE 2 ---
I'm listening to the radio here now. I've heard Gildersleeve, Jack Benny & Now Edgar Bergen & Charlie McCarthy is on.

I'm sending a few little clippings out of the newspaper but also one of the crew. I'll send one of all of them as soon as the other boys see them.

I guess I better go now & get a bit of sleep. We may have a long flight early in the morning - we brief at 5:30 AM. Take off at 10AM and land at 2AM next day - travel over 3000 miles - makes you have to stay awake almost the full 24 HR DAY.

Hope weather looks better in the morning.
Love & All,
Austin

--- PAGE 3 ---
1944

OFFICERS' CLUB
GREAT BEND ARMY AIR FIELD
GREAT BEND, KANSAS

Monkey
Dec. 4.

Hello Folks,

What's new? Just got your letter telling about Thanksgiving - Glad to hear from Rebecca too... Tell her hello and thanks for the live if she is still there.

It's snowing to beat all get out today - Looks like a White Christmas up here anyway.

What's John Winn doing today? Guess he is always learning some new way to keep everyone's attention.

See how much difference there is in your receiving this & my last Air Mail letter. I mailed the Air Mail about 5AM this morning & this one about 3PM the same day - Do you have to keep a fire all the time now?

--- PAGE 4 ---
How is grand-pa's rheumatism? We have a meeting at 3PM so I'm gonna have to leave you right away.

Today is Billy S. Birthday- I bought a chance on a $10 WAR BOND yesterday and won it - cost .50c The only $10 one I have.

Tell Oletta hello - I'll write her as soon as possible- Maybe later today- We're having free movies in the club tonight- Hello Sis - must go now

Estelle S. wrote that she had called the whole thing off now. (HA HA) Tell all hello- What's the latest from Bill, Jack & Waits?

Love to All,

Justin

--- PAGE 5 ---
Dec. 6, 1944
Wednesday

I want to know how you are?

Hello folks,

Just got some stationery here so thought I'd drop you a line on it.

Things are just fine around here & suppose the snow is still around but it thaws up some every day & gets awful muddy.

We had a B-29 land in Memphis last week. It stayed there a couple days - so Rebecca still with you or is she back at Memphis? If she was I'd probably hear from her about the place.

--- PAGE 6 ---
How is John Wince doing? Can he walk any yet? I guess he can climb around a lot now can't he!

Will be pretty sure getting home between Xmas & New Year's - can hardly wait.

I'm going to school today and expect to go on that mission tomorrow. We'll have the rest of the snapshots to send home soon.

Gotta run, gotta go to school now! So long,

Love to all,
Austin

--- PAGE 7 ---
Dear Folks,

Just A line or Two Before going to Bed tonite- How is Everyone Around home Doing?

Haven't had much time to look around as yet but looks like a mighty nice place down here.

Do not write to me at this address. You can keep on sending mail to my old address so I'll have lots when I do get it.

Will write more As soon as possible- So until then, So long

And tell all hello - Love
Austin

--- PAGE 8 ---
Somewhere in Cuba
Dec. 9, 1944

Dear Mother and all,

Well & wrote you a little
a couple days ago which I hope
you have already gotten - How
is everyone around home - Expecting
a nice Christmas I hope? So far
Write to me at this address
because I will not receive it
anyway for a long time -
I like it here fine-
Having a little trouble understanding
Spanish- If I stayed here long
enough maybe & could catch
on to some of their lingo-
I got a box of cookies &
candy from both Dolly & Eddie
just before. I got also a
Christmas present from Dolly
& listening to Frank Sinatra
singing on the radio from USA

--- PAGE 9 ---
Well there isn't much I can write about the place now so let just wait and tell you about it when I see you again Everything just lovely and am glad to get away from that Northern climate (HA) How's John Weim and Big John getting along? Tell all hello Salong Best Nite Love Austin

--- PAGE 10 ---
Dec. 13, 1944

Dear Mother & all,

Just a line of two this morning - Had a swell time in Havana yesterday. This ends the week - So here I come back.

Oh, yes I got what you wanted for Big John.

Well I don't have much time for writing now. Hope everything's OK. Will write from the States next time.

Love to all,

Austin

--- PAGE 11 ---
Hello folks,

Just time to say I'm back & feeling fine —
Am flying again today —
Had a swell time while in Cuba —
Love to all,
Austin

--- PAGE 12 ---
Dec. 14, 1944
Thursday Nite

Dear Mother and All,

I wrote you a note real hastily about noon today - I have placed a call to you now which I am waiting to go through so will write a line of tebs now.
I got back from Cuba last nite and had just an interesting time while down there. Was rather disappointed to find that I had forgotten some of the souveniers which I intended to bring back with me. They were such nice little trinkets too - We did a lot flying while down there but & better what if I tell you about that instead of writing it.

I intended to go on a flight tonight which would probably have brought me right over home. Memphis was one of the points we were to fly our but I think I could have managed to fly our hom. You would have probably heard I known about it though cause it would have been

--- PAGE 13 ---
I left Cuba Wednesday morning 10 AM -  
Ate dinner at Galveston Texas 7 PM  
Arrived GREAT BEND AT 12 P.M.

We were scheduled to fly tonight on a 12 hour flight which would take me over the Gulf & back for home on the way back here. But the plane we were to fly needed an inspection so we didn't go.

I got a little from William D today Chocolate Candy Bars and scarce here too but I'll try to get some.

Does John still smoke cigarettes if so what kind?

--- PAGE 14 ---
On our return flight and about 12 P.M., Texite. If we're lucky I may be over though any way either Sat. afternoon around 4PM or Sunday with around 12 PM. Would he nice to have engine trouble & land at Dyerburg but don't expect that cause it never works out like that-(HA)-

When I got back here I found about 15 letters so I've been reading mail all nite re Joe.

I only wish I had had more time & money to spend in Havana. Boy we had a big time there - We had a guide to show us over the city & rented a taxi to take us around anywhere we liked to go. We got about a 6 hour pass on and last day down there to go into Havana.

Was glad to know Pletle has heard from Billy & waits. Sure hope Waits is home at the same time that I am-

Well it's 7:30 and still my call hasn't gone through - Maybe it'll get you in a few minutes

--- PAGE 15 ---
Meanwhile I think I'll scribble off a few lines to some of these people I owe letters to.

Well this call came through 7:50. I was sure glad to talk to you. Wish sister had gotten on the phone also. I got a Porter-51 pen for John. Cost $6.50 but I thought you wanted a good one anyway. I also have some film (116) for your camera so you can go ahead and take your roll if you like - 4 home & Rolls for you. I also got about 14 rolls of B6 film for my camera. So I'm well supplied. Am sure sorry I lost the souvenir club. I do have a souvenir picture I've sent. You probably won't want to put it up though cause it is taken in a bar, Slappy Joe's Bar in Havana. All tourists have their pictures made there so we had one also. It will be fun to look at.

I'll tell you more about the place when I get home. So must say Bye Bye now. Tell sis & John hello & to start listening in on your phone calls again (HA-HA). Love to all. Tell miss Jodie Bolle I got her Xmas card today - Austin

--- PAGE 16 ---
Dear Mother,

How's everything? Just time to send hello to all and a few pictures - we are flying early in the morning.

Will have to go now - hope you like these short notes (4). Will write more when possible.

Love to all,
Austin

--- PAGE 17 ---
1941
Sunday Dec 17

Hello folks,

What's new! Well there isn't much to talk about around here - Yesterday afternoon I took 2 more shots & had / tooth filled - That makes about 6 times the tooth filled since we've been here. And the shots were some more like I had at Alamogordo - So they are just boosting me up a guess (Ha) I have some more in a week.

Am going out to fly again this afternoon. The weather is pretty cold around here and looks like more snow. Has it snowed any there as yet? I didn't get the mail last nite - I got the Xmas card from Helen Turner yesterday though

--- PAGE 18 ---
Now's everyone around Cherry by
now? Tell the neighbors hello.
What's John Wim doing these days?
Will there's Phillips our engineer
and he's going check the mail for
us... We have to go about 5 blocks
to get our mail now - We used
to get it over at the Squadron flight
room when we had to go anyway every day
to fly etc.
I must say bye now and get
ready for Briefing -
Love to all
Austin

P.S. I filled out Leave Papers yesterday for
28th Dec... So hope to be seeing you all soon

--- PAGE 19 ---
Dear Mother,

Well it isn't long until Christmas. Hope everything is going just dandy around home. Yesterday I took off from here around 9:30 A.M. and flew 15 hours without landing. I came directly over Memphis about 10 minutes till 9 P.M last nite. It sure was a nice flight but everyone was all tired out when we got in last nite. We are briefing at 1 PM again today. I just ate dinner & had a few minutes left to write a note. We went across 10 states and also over the ocean for about a 600 miles. This is all the time I have now so wishing you all a Merry Christmas.

And love to all
Austin

--- PAGE 20 ---
Army Air Field
Great Bend, Kansas
Dec 21st 1944

Dear Mother and All,

Well what's cookin' now? I'm not cookin but am almost freezin'. We had another snow last nite. I went on that long flight Aug before yesterday I came directly our Memphis about 9 P.M. I guess we already written about that too.

I had bought a bond to give John Wim for Xmas just before going to Cuba intending to bring it when I came home but while I was gone the finance office got mixed up a bit and decided I wanted it mailed so when you do get the bond its' for John Wim Xmas.

--- PAGE 21 ---
I just wrote Jack, Carl and another friend that's on the Philippines - I received several pretty Christmas Cards - Also a card & letters from you - I'm going to try to get home the 28th but may not make it until the 24th.

Hope everyone enjoys Christmas. We are going to have some kind of get together (Capt. Ewen) - We have a new man on it now - A Radar Operator will see have to be the Sack Now - We're going tomorrow

Love to all
Austin

--- PAGE 22 ---
War Department Pamphlet No: 21-1 29 July 1943

WHEN YOU ARE OVERSEAS
THESE FACTS ARE VITAL

Outbound.- First give your cable address; next the full name, street address, city and State of the person for whom the message is intended. Then the message, and finally sign your full name.

AMTRAG (typical APO cable address)
Mrs. John Smith 1616 Main St., Zenith Ohio.
XXXXXXXX Message XXXXXXXX
XXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXX John T. Smith

Note that addresses and signatures do not include Army serial numbers or APO numbers, nor do they show your unit or organization designation.

Inbound.-Cables and radiograms should be addressed to you giving your full name, Army serial number, and cable address but not your unit or organization.

SILENCE MEANS COMMUNITY-If violation of protective measures is serious within written communications it is disastrous in conversations. Protect your conversation as you do your letters and be even more careful. A harmful letter can be nullified by censorship; loose talk is direct delivery to the enemy.
If you come home during war your lips must be guided by self-imposed censorship. Have you got them or do you want your buddies and your country to pay the price for your showing off? You've faced the battle front; it's little enough to ask you to face this "home front."

THINK! Where does the enemy get his information-information that can put you, and has put your comrades adrift on an open sea: information that puts you and your unit or organization in any manner whatsoever.

Writing home
Most enemy intelligence comes from prisoners. If captured, you are required to give only three facts: YOUR NAME, YOUR GRADE, YOUR ARMY SERIAL NUMBER. Don't talk; don't try to fake stories and use every effort to destroy all papers. When you are going into an area where capture is possible carry only essential papers and plan to destroy them prior to capture if possible. Do not carry personal letters on your person; they tell much about you, and the envelope has on it your unit and organization.

Capture
There are ten prohibited subjects:
1. Don't write military information of Army units-their location, strength, material or equipment.
2. Don't write of military installations.
3. Don't write of transportation facilities.
4. Don't write about convoys their routes ports (including ports of embarkation and disembarkation), time en route naval protection or war incidents occurring en route.
5. Don't disclose movements of ships, naval or merchant troops or aircraft.
6. Don't mention plans and forecasts or orders for future operations whether known or just your guess.
7. Don't write about the effects of enemy operations.
8. Don't tell of any casualty until released by proper authority (The Adjutant General) and then only by using the full name of the casualty.
9. Don't attempt to formulate or use a code system cipher or shorthand, or any other means to conceal the true meaning of your letter. Violations of this regulation will result in severe punishment.
10. Don't give your location in any way except as authorized by proper authority. Be sure nothing you write about discloses a more specific location than the one authorized.

INCLUDERS IN LETTERS-Do not include anything in a letter that would violate any of the foregoing rules.
PHOTOGRAPHS, FILMS-Special rules apply to the transmission of photographs and films. Do not send them until you have ascertained what regulations are in effect in your area.

Be sensible; use your head
Published for the information and guidance of all concerned.
By order of the Secretary of War:
G.C. MARSHALL Chief of Staff
Official:
J.A. ULIO Major General
The Adjutant General

--- PAGE 23 ---
Sgt John Smith 6749318
Co C 299 Inf A P O 1005
c/o Postmaster New York City N Y

Mrs John Smith
123 First Avenue
New York City N Y

Free
