OFFICERS' CLUB
GREAT BEND ARMY AIR FIELD
GREAT BEND, KANSAS

Thursday
Nov 2nd

Hello Folks,

How is everyone today? Things are fine here in Great Bend. I'm flying this afternoon and tonight. Have just been looking over the paper & the news. Went to a show in town last nite.

Has sister been doing any more dreaming lately?(HA) I'll tell you. We'll need a good name for our plane when we get one. See if you can think up something suitable and we'll consider it. (HA) We want something that everyone on the crew will be satisfied with so make it good.

I just cut a clipping out of the paper I'll send you. That's a B-24 crew standing in front of one of the wings & a Superfort.

The election is drawing close isn't it! Kansas is usually a Republican state - I think it's about half & half up here this time. I have a couple rolls of film now. If I ever get a chance I'll get a picture of our whole crew. I told you we had a new Bombardier, Navigator, and Flight Engineer didn't I? We'll fly together for the first time today. 

I guess I better go show as I have to go out a little early to see the administration
officer about something.

So long for today.

Love to all,
Austin

--- PAGE 3 ---
Friday Nite
Nov 3, 1944

Hello Mother & all,

What's the good news from home? We're doing O.K., around here - Sure no turning cold though - Looks like it might snow any time now - I bought me a new jacket + some other clothing & equipment today - Around $32. Think I have everything else need now to last me for quiet a while - Maybe I'll get a new pair of trousers soon - I also got a Rain Coat.

I'm flying in the morning - Our schedule has been our back 30 min how due to the shorter days - We get up at 4:30 Now, & just fly until 10 o'clock at night instead of 2. I also get a day off this Sunday - Intend to go to church for a change.

Meet Bob Kuhns, the fellow I'm with most all the time up here - He's from Milwaukee, Wis - We took their in town last nite - Bob could use some sleep.

--- PAGE 4 ---
OFFICERS' CLUB
GREAT BEND ARMY AIR FIELD
GREAT BEND, KANSAS

We're waiting for him to come over to the club now - We are eating a steak tonite.

Has John Winn been doing anything new lately? Quis

PAPAR men went to the hospital yesterday with appendicitis. Two boys on Boos' crew have mumps. I hope I don't get them.

Got your letter today - I may call you some nite so maybe you can both listen & talk even though sister is at her house if she happens *listen in* to see who's calling you (HAT) Ph no is {3122 isn't it? 3128}

Well & better say Bye Bye for tonite.

Love to All,
Austin

P.S. So you did see a B-29 eh! I may get *come home before 45*

Anote enclosed if you wish to send it to the LAUDERDALE Co. PAPER.

--- PAGE 5 ---
1944

OFFICERS' CLUB
GREAT BEND ARMY AIR FIELD
GREAT BEND, KANSAS

Thursday
Nov 2nd

Hello folks,

How is everyone today? Things are fine here in Great Bend. I'm flying this afternoon and tonight - Have just been looking over the paper & the news. Went to a show in town last nite.

Has sister been doing any more dreaming lately? (HA) I'll tell you, we'll need a good name for our plane when we get one - See if you can think up something suitable and we'll decide on it. We want something that everyone on the crew will be satisfied with so make it good.

I just cut a clipping out of the paper & send you. There's a B-24 crew standing in front of one of the wings & a Superfort.

--- PAGE 6 ---
The election is drawing close isn't it!
Kansas is usually a Republican state - I think it's
about half & half up here this time.
I have a couple rolls of film now - if I
ever get a chance Ill get a picture of our
whole crew - I told you we had a new
Bomber, Horsaotor, and Flight Engineer didn't I!
We'll fly together for the first time today -
I guess I better go show as I have
to go out a little early to see the administration
office about something.
So long fer today,
Love & All,
Austin

--- PAGE 7 ---
Dear Folks,

Have missed a day or two writing to you - Have been rather busy! Not so much flying though- I've lately lin only flying one or 2 days a week. We always have something else to do though - & took link training this morning. Had my instrument check in that I passed O.K. We had a N.S.O. Show here at the club last nite - it was pretty good. Then we got up at 4:30 this morning which doesn't so good (HA)!

That sure was a big sale & Cotton John made the other day- Tell Frank Ware & the other "hands" hello for me when you see any of them again- Am glad they made such good crops.

Today is election day - guess you'll be listening to election returns tonight. Sure hope the donkeys win!

--- PAGE 8 ---
What is John Winn up to now? I guess he has grown quiet a bit since we saw him. The weather up here is pretty pleasant right now. I expect it to be really cold though later this winter.

Picked up a couple pots of gum at the PX a bit ago. Will send one along in the letter. Good gum is pretty scarce here too but if you're lucky you can get some once in a while.

What plans has John made for next year? Is he going to plant the same amount of cotton & keep most of the same families?

I guess the colored church is about finished by now - Chery is gonna be scarce of white people isn't it?

Well I hope everything's going swell around here. Sure would like to see you all.

Love & Best Wishes,
Austin

--- PAGE 9 ---
Dear Mother & Sister,

How is everyone today? We had a big frost last nite & it was pretty cold when I first got up this morning - & got me an extra quilt for my bed just now.

I have been in synthetic training today. I went to Link Training first. I was scheduled to fly a Celestial Navigation Train from 1 to 5 p.m. but that was canceled and we off got the rest of the day.

Tomorrow Armistice Day, we are having a big Parade Of Ceremonies on the field then. The public is invited out. Besides a Parade several War heroes will be given decorations & speeches by both Military & civilian speakers - Also a Formation B-17s Will fly over in Black File Formation as Taps is sounded in honor of the ones lost in Battle - It will be a formation with a blank space for one plane left out.

--- PAGE 10 ---
I got a letter from Jack yesterday - also wrote to him. This morning I saw Army Air Force pictures of the War the World Over - Pictures of Japan and all those islands + also France & Germany - Pictures of planes fighting in the Sky & also Robot bombs & fighters planes shooting them down - We see these kind of film every week.

There's a form we have to fill out before each flight in the B-29s. It tells how much sleep we've had etc. Also those are the names of the members of our crew.

I mailed the watch back to you today also a few little magazines I thought you might have time to look over - You said you weren't taking a daily paper now didn't you?

How's grandpa doing now? Tell all hello and Solon & I at today.

--- PAGE 11 ---
Dear Sister & Family,

How's everyone? I got your little last note. Hope it has stopped raining. The V-mail letter you sent along was from Robert Wise a boy I knew down at Miami Beach. He is on New Guinea flying C-47s in troop carrier command... His home is in Johnson City, Tenn.

Yesterday I got a Christmas present. This girl probably thought I was leaving right away - A nice box of personalized stationery. I'll write you a letter on it soon! Also a set of shaving lotion & cologne - Sportsman's (good stuff) yesterday I went to church in town. Had a nice dinner.

I got the Land Co. Paper today and have been reading it all over.

How is Mother getting along now? Had she been in bed? I'll try calling tonight. Tell All hello & love,

Austin

--- PAGE 12 ---
Lt. Austin K. Winn 0774857
43rd Bn/2nd Artillery
Great Bend Kansas

Hello MISTY,

Just a line or two to say how you're doing. How is your flu treating you? Hope you've got over it by now. I wrote a letter a while ago and forgot to thank you for the name suggestions you sent along. We'll have to let the crew take a vote on it some day.

How are the neighbors all getting along? Hope they have heard from Walt, Billy, Jack in Italy. It isn't so cold here yet. Guess everyone is busy gathering the crops. Tell all hello.

Love Austin

--- PAGE 13 ---
P.S. Had A Big Steak of French Fried Potatoes for Supper
PSS. Yes I heard About the War News Bought L10
Austin H. Winn
Lieutenant, Air Corps
Army of the United States
Nov. 15, 1944
Wednesday nite

Dear Mother & Sisters,
Greetings from the North Wind?
Boy it's sure turned cold up here this week - I wouldn't be surprised if it didn't snow soon. I got a letter from Mother tonight. Also on from Estelle Sides & she says she plans to get married Christmas or maybe wait until her Birthday - I guess you'd already heard though through Miss Josie Belle!!
This is the new stationery I wrote about - its' too thin I think, I don't like it as well as regular mail paper. But it's nice paper.

--- PAGE 14 ---
We heard today we were all getting leaves before going overseas so see try to arrange it to be home at that special time I the year - Another big of news is you remember me writing about grandpa liking the cigars? Well I may go there about the 15th. I'll try to let you know more definite about the time of my leave when I find out. It won't be before that time but may be after - Am glad the folks had from Bill Jack & Wait - I enjoyed talking to alley you the other nite so much - Had John W. gotten over his shots yet? I'm flying early in the morning so let's hit the sack early tonight - Love to All, Bye Bye Austin

P.S., Had a big steak + French fried potatoes for supper
P.S.S. Yes I heard about Auntie's death & thought I'd already written about it before - Guess she is happily in her new home

--- PAGE 15 ---
1944

OFFICERS' CLUB
GREAT BEND ARMY AIR FIELD
GREAT BEND, KANSAS

Friday Morning

Hello Folks,

Just ate breakfast & had time for a few lines - All's well up here - We went on a high altitude flight yesterday for this & expect to go again this afternoon.

How is everyone around there? I sure don't get to write as often as I used to. It's not as cold today as it has been but it's real cloudy and could still snow.

Did you ever receive a bond for this month? I think it was dated Oct 31st though - I just wanted to be sure it didn't get lost in the mail or somehow - Hope mother's throat is better by now. She got to finish packing a footlocker now & turn it in today

Love to All,
Austin

--- PAGE 16 ---
Dear Mother & Sis,

How is everyone today? I was glad to get your letter this morning - And thanks for the pecans too - I got them a couple days ago - John has a lot of cover crops this year - Sure hope he gets the crops out before too much bad weather.

Where is Mary Charlotte now, at home? Sorry to hear about her husband's being hurt. I bet your flowers are sure pretty - The Chrysanthemums are #1 each up here. I went our to a florist last Sunday with a girl to get some flowers for a sick person in the hospital here.

--- PAGE 17 ---
Tell oth. folks when you see him -
Estelle Sims wrote that he & Neal were planning on joining the Merchant Marine if Neal didn't get in the Army - Neal is 1-A now.
Oh I still hear from Addie., Dottie,
& Evalyn - I just got a box of cookies, candy & 2 rolls of Kodak film from Dottie yesterday.
Well everything looks swell around here today. Is kinda cloudy but don't guess it'll rain - It did rain last nite
Is some warmer now too -
How's grandpa & John Wim?
Hope John will get some ducks for Thanksgiving Day - There are lots of ducks around here.
Saying how
Love to all,
Austin

--- PAGE 18 ---
1944
Monday 20th Nov.

Dear Mother and All,

How's that colo weather now? It's lots warmer here now - I'm not even wearing a coat this afternoon. I got a little letter from sister today. I'm lying in bed (just resting). So hope you can read this.

I've written several letters today. Here's a little note that you can send in to the paper & left out the name of the base porposly - I'll beak to send this. Also here a little picture you can look over HA. We weren't expecting him to snap the camera - you put it up somewhere is there any room in my album for more pictures?

Tell all hello - Happy Thanksgiving
Love, Austin

--- PAGE 19 ---
Dear Mother and Sister,

Well Thanksgiving has slipped right up on us again - I got your letter today & the clipping of Under Duster.

We've been flying a navigation train today.
The Navigator & I took a 4 hour flight over in Russia (HA). We did o.k. - I'm all dressed to go to Larned tonight. Our Squadron is having a party there too, don't know if we're over there. A big dinner too.

Having chicken or turkey - cost $4 a plate.
Tomorrow our crew is getting its pictures made by a B-29 but I don't think the picture will be released for a while yet on account of security reasons. I may take a picture of our crew with my camera but won't get A 29 with them.

Here are a few little circulars etc that you might have time to read - also a letter & got from a girl up at Lincoln, written by Theo. I hadn't ever heard from him since he shipped out. So & wrote this girl that he wrote to and gave her his address. So she sent part of his letter Also

--- PAGE 20 ---
I wrote A.V. Wires last nite also - He must be already overseas by now. See with Withers tomorrow is possible.

How's every one around the place? Is Frank Ware my little of the pneumonia? Hope your throat is well.

Tell other hello when you see him again.

Is the kitchen any warmer with the new living?

I guess I better say Bye about now - Howz the Sipes family. Heard from Jack lately? Do they know where he is now?

Love to All,

Austin

P.S. Did you get the bond dated Oct. 31st?

--- PAGE 21 ---
Dear Mother Hall,

Now is every one Today - It's
Thanksgiving - We had a great feast to the 3rd Sgt.
Wednesday Nite & went to the enlisted
Party - We had chicken & all trimmings
then Thurs Morning I went to the enlisted
Mens Mess I had Turkey at 12 noon)
Then at 7PM we had another Turkey
Dinner in the Officers Club So I really
got plenty to eat

We took some pictures of our crew yesterday
with my camera. I hope they turn out O.K.
I'll send them when I get them developed

--- PAGE 22 ---
Tomorrow I'm going on a Cross Country flight in a B-29 which will take about 16 hours. We will be flying that long without landing - we'll burn about 800 gallons of gasoline so I need to get plenty of sleep. I'm going to bed in a few minutes. It's 4:30 PM now (get up at 4:30 AM). You may not hear from me for a few days now 'cause I'll be pretty busy even after I come back from this mission for about a week.

I got the letter about you receiving the Bond so his regard my last letter. Hope everything is swell around home. Did you get turkey or duck for Thanksgiving? If I don't write for about 3 days you'll know where I am. See, try to write you from here. Love to all, Austin

--- PAGE 23 ---
Dear Folks,

How is everyone today? Am O.K. here except for a little cold weather we're having.

I didn't go on the trip I wrote about as our Navigator's father died and he got an emergency leave to Molly next week. I think he'll get home between Christmas and New Year's. Some crews are leaving before Christmas but have to be back here by the 27th so I think this will be just as good a time as having to leave on Xmas day to come back.

I'm going to P.I. in a little while. So must make this short as usual (H4).

I sure am pluffy - I made a flight down to Austin, Tex., the other side of last a lot y'know. Then I had to be up early today for morning briefing. Received your letters yesterday which I enjoyed. Tell all hello. How's John Wink?

P.S. Estelle wrote she & her boyfriend weren't getting married.

Bye how love
Austin

--- PAGE 24 ---
Dear Mother & all,

Just a note - Its time for chow-
I just wrote Jack a letter as I got
a nice one from him today & also
a picture -
I flew over to Liberal Kansas
last nite to pick up a Superfort that was
jared down a few days ago- We took
her mod engine trouble & had
feather one engine & land again there so
I stayed all nite their - Come
back today in a B-17 as they
weren't through working on the 29-
Weren't through Working on the 29-
Its really cold here. Down to 70
Tell all Hello- I got
Last nite -
Your letters Today.
Hows Otho?
Solang Now
Love
Austin
