--- PAGE 1 ---
Tuesday May 1, 1945

Dear Mother And Jim,

Hoping you read this the week before last. We are in the Army now a few days ago. We're at Memphis! It's been pretty busy here today. Glad to get your letters.

Yesterday we also got to the Airplane Commander. He is from Memphis. She was a nice representative. The facts & acting folks who were some colored people reading news in the morning went to a medical lecture earlier this afternoon. Test hot. Today expect to fly home. We usually get our mail around 9 AM now. We normally get our mail at 10:30 AM. X.30 PM. Written from a long time the last nite. Still working on the heart? Later - Goes by Nite. Well she sure is fine from Jack.

--- PAGE 2 ---
Flying this afternoon - Had a nice time-We took about 4 C-Bs up for a ride. On the quit take-off we had a plug come out of one engine & lost about 40 gallons of oil so had to call again & stop up the hole & refuel with oil. When we took off again I broke in the new engine & wrote about edelair - Glad to see the City of Memphis picture you sent, I wrote something about them earlier in this letter but it was another article I spoke of.

--- PAGE 3 ---
Received the last pictures John Winn Friday they are sure good I send some back to you Also got the watermelon seed from both Son & many thanks The garden looks swell We already have watermelons with leaves on them tho Radish about 2 in The first flowers & plants are Daniel glow almost coming up. We have at least 10 flower packets of seed now. The other seeds have been getting seed also But go slow Love Austin

--- PAGE 4 ---
Thursday 9 missions
10:30 PM Marianas

Dear Folks,

May 5th 11 A.M. Saturday
10 Missions

Hello again! I started to write this letter Thursday nite before & theyr on the last mission but didn't get time to write - I got tired about 2 AM this morning & slept till 10AM. Feel OK now & pretty rested up. The showers had all the water turned off so I went back to the helmet again to get cleaned up. Dig out the Watermelon & mask Mellon seed you sent, Thanks.

--- PAGE 5 ---
We bombed the Japanese airfields again - We were attacked by a few fighters but they weren't too sharp. They did kinda give us a surprise on their first attack.

The news sounded good - we listened to the news and heard Hitler's death & also of the surrender of the German army in Italy & Southern Austria. Hope the peace conference is doing a good job.

Oh, guess who I saw Thursday! I was lying in my cot dozing off before the mission & A.V. Winn Cokes in it woke me up. Some was glad to see him - he's the kid from Waycross, Ga., Washington

--- PAGE 6 ---
He is in B-24 & has 7 missions
in. That makes all 37 the
wins on this island now. (Ho)
He's only temporarily here tho'
I took him down & showed
him our B-29 - He was really
impressed over such a big plane,
Well it's time for the mail
Now so I'll rush this out
cheer & see if he's gotten any
Mail from you today.
Love to all;
Austin

--- PAGE 7 ---
What is John doing these days? Guess what! Tucker the Starbuck chewed something up. And last week read a book. Now we just keep a note to tell that we have to fly a mission. Maximum 50 missions. There's a possibility of getting a rest leave after 15. Way to go, Jane.

May 5, 1948
Dear Mother and Sis,
What you a letter yesterday with the same date can it be? Made up a card too. Should have written a letter around this morning just now. How is everyone doing? Cherry getting along? She's got some watermelon. The little heard field are supposed to start sowing tomorrow.
Jane & Jay, Austin

--- PAGE 8 ---
Sunny May 6th

Here's every one today. We want to another airfield this morning & fly x 29 back to the zone base.

We had an awful bad rain last nite & it was pouring around here again. The planes were away back Jacob the Missionary plane & they are still there. They are calling them on the radio. They are still there on this island. We didn't go on this mission. The boys are having a volleyball game this afternoon. I'll see you later.
Joe Hall

--- PAGE 9 ---
Dearest Mother of All,

Today is V-E day - Was sure glad to hear the news on the radio - Mr. Truman is supposed to talk tonight at 11PM Don't know if we will be awake to hear him or not Today we bombed a Jap island for practice Had a very nice trip & got back about 3PM We had chicken which was very good.

Received a letter from Jack yesterday Did you get the pictures he sent you? Think I sent two

Boy, Hughes really has some fancy articles in the Hi-Life doesn't he!

The flowers around home must be blooming now. That is lots of them - I could see several in the picture you sent to John Winn.

We have our name painted on the plane now also a bomb for each mission & 5 Jap flags for 3 fighter planes our tail gunner shot down Also each of our own names under our positions The name of our plane is "City of Charlottesville" (Virginia)

--- PAGE 10 ---
Well I better get off to sleep now -
Good night to all
Kello & Kellie
Love to you both
And Auntie
I'm almost out of cigarettes
Got a lot of messages in waiting
V-101 is coming
It's not as cold here as it was at home
The weather is getting better
We're going to have a Christmas tree
I hope you'll be able to get one too
Love to all
Austin

--- PAGE 11 ---
Wednesday May 9, 1945 Marianas

Hello Mother & Sister,

Have been up morning the islands again for practice. Wrote you a letter last nite but thought I'd drop you another little line this afternoon. Might not be where I can write tomorrow.

Heard the news this morning. Wasn't awake last nite to hear The President speak.

The mail hasn't come today as yet. Wasn't any morning mail for anyone. Still haven't received any of the packages. I have one coming from you, Robin, Addie, and Dolly too I think.

How is the farming coming along? I've been trying to burn off the cattle warts on my hands with nitric acid. Think I've gotten rid of a couple of them so far.

Has Miss Josie Belle come back from Florida yet? Hope her operation is O.K.

Well guess I'll hello & not to try to get excited too much when she gets up.

Love to all
Austin

--- PAGE 12 ---
Dear folks,

How is everyone today? Got back from the mission on Japs oil refineries & storages last nite - There were over 400 B-29 up there. Boy, we never seen so many planes in the air together. I landed out two jima on the return trip.

I haven't gotten my mail yet yesterday. I'll go see if I had any then finish this letter. I believe it's just gone up - It's too late to eat breakfast 8 am. I ate a snack last night tho about 10 P.M., later-2 PM.

Will I received 2 letters from you today with several clipping included. I got the little memo books too thanks a lot they are just the right size.

You said William Dutch might write to Lowry - Here's his address if you want to give it to him.


Col. Leon L. Lowry
Commanding Officer
93rd Bomb Group
APO 246 Unit 2 9/PM
San Francisco, Calif.

--- PAGE 13 ---
You've heard me speak of the Airplane Commander from Waycross and his plane? You sent me a picture of this plane—well, he's coming home. He will send you something that I don't know by him. His name is St. John Handwerker. I hear Hilda Gordon is opening up her business again!! He said he might even drive up to our place one day.

Guess there will be more news in the papers about him when he gets to Memphis—try to send me the clippings if you ever them.

Well, we have to stop about now—Dale cloudy & has been rather cool all day so far. We really saw a lot of flak yesterday. Eden with the big ships in the harbor were shooting hell in too. The target we were bombing really exploded. The plane & smoke came up over 2000 ft high—the Jap fighters didn't bother us this time—Kello nite
Martin

--- PAGE 14 ---
Dear Mother and Sis,

Saturday nite And its training very hard.
Got the sheets you sent me today They
Sure are nice ones.

Tomorrow I have to go down to Wing
Headquarters to a meeting
Its 10:30 P.M Now & Most everyone
is in bed. I will have to make this
Short & Snappy

Saw is John & Johnie Eake? Has he got both thumbs running now?

Today we didn't get any 1st Class mail at all Only packages Tomorrow if I don't have to go any I may go down to the Beach for a swim.
Things are about the same over here &
guess So see close for tonite
Love & Ace
Austin

--- PAGE 15 ---
Dear Mother And Sis,

How's everyone today? Got down from a flight around the local area. We went test hopping the plane - took a couple Marines up with us just for the ride. Wrote you a little letter yesterday. Probably won't be able to write tomorrow.

Today is Mother's Day - did you get the little present I sent to you?

I received a real nice box of cookies & candy too from Addie. It was really wrapped up so nice in cellophane paper. They are good too.

One fellow got some new records from home and they are playing them now. Didn't get to go to the theatre today. Haven't seen Mr. Robert Winn any more lately.

Well I have to write a couple other letters right quickly, so will say adios for today. Hope you have a lovely day today - know your roses are beautiful too! Love Austin

--- PAGE 16 ---
Dear Mother & All,

How's everything? Gee! I'm sitting here on my bed this morning—Have just had a nice cool shave & shower & well have to write & tell you the news. Was in the big mission on Nagoya - O/S 500 B-29s - Boy that's a lot of planes & we really carried a load of bombs — We made it OK - Sure a surprise for you—Just before I went on the mission they announced that Lt. Winn was promoted from 1st Lt to 1st Lt. So they finally got around to it, Hah! Boy life here is having a time with rest of the fellows in this barracks—

I received a nice package from Addie with cookies & candy both. Really good. I'll probably be pretty busy so I don't expect too many letters for a while! Some kind of bugs are eating all the leaves off our radishes—And afraid they ruined them. Had to get the clippings.

Love to all,
Austin

--- PAGE 17 ---
Dear Mother & Sis,

It's May 16th and a dagnice day here in the Marianas. I received my third Lauderdale County Paper yesterday. Also got a nice box of cookies from Rosie J. How I have more cookies + candy than I know what to do with! Everyone has been getting their packages all war once it seems.

Oh and I guess you'd read another letter from Kelly by now. She said she was going to write you again - I wrote Jack a letter this morning. How is he getting along now? I suppose his folks are back home by now.

Here's a picture they took me one day for the record or there. They have all the combat crew pictures on a bulletin board in the briefing room. Will say so long for now. I was on censorship detail again last nite & told you about the promotion didn't I? I wear a silver bar now - love, Austin

--- PAGE 18 ---
The other character is Lucas - The Airplane Commander He is a 18th Lt Also. He lives in Charlottesville Virginia - in the Name of Our place to "City of Charlottesville" of St Handwerker And he saw the pictures AB29 with no 42 on the Aisle up That is our plane We were flying it when the picture was made.

--- PAGE 19 ---
Dear Mother & Sis,

It's 10 P.M. Thursday nite - Have just been to a movie - Dianna Durbin in "Here's To Hold". Last nite we went on another incendiary raid on Nagoya. It was a very successful raid. Not much opposition from the Japs.

How's the family coming along? Guess everything is getting in pretty good shape.

Well, I thought I'd just drop you a line before going to bed tonight. Everyone is talking about the mission & about how many more they have to go. I heard from W.D. the other day and he has 23 missions - I haven't seen A.V. any more - He may have moved up to Okinawa.

These letters seem awfully short it seems to me, but there just isn't much to write about. Maybe see you later some more before I mail this in the morning.


Austin

--- PAGE 20 ---
Sunday Morning May 18

Nice morning, however it has been raining a good bit & slept late this morning & didn't get any breakfast. I still have plenty of Cherries & Cookies. In fact I sealed one can of cookies back up & put them away till we eat the others up.

Received the packets of flowers sent from you the other day. We have several flowers up but some have to be transplanted. The Phlox & Verbena didn't. We have Celosia, Old Fashioned Gardenias, Zinnias, etc. Don't guess we'll need any more seed for a while. Our tomato patch looks good but there are some worms that are eating the leaves up. Radishes are big enough to eat.

Did you get the pictures? Well I'll say Bye now

Love to all,

Austin

Glad to hear Jack is getting along OK. I haven't used the sheets yet (14) those gotten used to sleeping without them. I will the

--- PAGE 21 ---
14 Mission 236 hours
Lt. Austin H. Winn
United States Army Air Forces
May 21, 1945
Marianas

Dear Mother & Joe,

Didn't get to write to you yesterday.
We've been pretty busy lately.
We flew 3 times to Japan last week then
yesterday we bombed Ick Pop Island for
practice.

Our engines were getting pretty
old. On our last mission we had an
oil leak drop out while we were right
over Tokyo & lost all the oil out
that engine - We feathered it &
bombed the city of Hamatshin & flew
back to Iwo Jima on 2 engines.
Landed there & got the engine fixed
& refilled with oil. We flew back home that nite - We are
getting 3 new engines on our plane now before we fly it again. You
know we put one new one on it a coupla weeks ago,
I was awarded the "Air Medal"
for the flight over Kobe when we stayed
over the target 2 hours.

--- PAGE 22 ---
I went over this morning to sign up to remain in the Army until Japan is defeated. Not that I would have been able to get out anyway I guess. But we were supposed to put a choice down.
I will get an increase in pay this month of about $25. I was the only pilot in my class (44-D) to make 1st Lt. Another guy's promotion came through but he will look after Troyop several weeks ago.
Well, he got to go out & play ball with the fellows now. He probably was on the next couple missions while our engines are being changed.
Have you heard from Lt. Andrews yet? He is supposed to send you my picture.
Tell all hello.
Love,
Fred

--- PAGE 23 ---
May 22 1948

What John Wynn doing now? He sure made me out. How is he? Hello Math & Joe! Today I received your letter. Glad to hear from you. Sorry it was late. Have a small one. Then pick up on the wall now. You got a package from Dotty, great they will miss Jane. Jane in the Philippines is so lonely. Well she gotta go way now So bye to ya.

Jane & Joe Bell & Dottie today are going up flying again. We're coming right along with the Vengeance changing in excellent condition. (Six) We are flying another plane. Hi Johnny! We are studying in Fort P---

--- PAGE 24 ---
Here are those Cheeks Corny

Now we had ice cream for a treat around here. They don't have any Cola Sprints except beer. I don't like that Volly Ball. We played none today. You need an Uncle Joe to make some more Jigs. We made some more Jigs that are ground & cold. Tokyo was in the snow again. All the crews became sick from being cold and wet. So we had a row so we had 3 in a row except me, we have been on the ship about two weeks now.

This one. I got a little from you nite to sleep so it's good mixed this one. Today thank you for the little ice cream & bread it very much.

--- PAGE 25 ---
Dear Sir & Mother,

Today has been a very pleasant one. If Jack has written lately how is he? Thought I'd just drop a line or two to write before going to bed. Know I won't get to write you again for a couple days maybe three so don't worry and if you don't hear from me go ahead.

Today we went down to the beach & went swimming. Went to another Anfield where C.A.V. was but didn't see him anywhere. We ate supper there & we had beef steak which was very good. Also drank a couple cold Coca Colas while there which tasted swell. Received your letter today. They come very regularly sometimes they come by twice tho.

Well, I'll say nite about now. What's Big John doing these days? Tell him hello for me. Love to all,
Austin

--- PAGE 26 ---
Monday May 29 1945

Waa La Vaughn These at The Game Time see Jack? Queer a Surprise to me that Jack is walking around Georgia! Molly he will get back again after Friday! He Practise too Soon General days of Towing the Pacific not writing to you & he is well again got back today of yours about 4 letters from you waiting for Kello & we are rede The picture of the kids next July are redde Me was really glad to see Jack

GR? We give on a special trip this last trip. But we thought we would never get back you two we were hitchhiking we brought by a B-29 Back to our first stop that had been repaired at Two then we hooked a C-47 on Jamaica last to base and good shower well egg get this off request please send me some Stannary Look Austin

--- PAGE 27 ---
Dear Mother & Sir,

I wrote you a letter yesterday which I dated May 29th Also I guess I didn't have the date straight Well things are going very well Over here I guess - I may take another one of those tours again Tomite (Hs.) Don't know when see the luck Can't explain exactly what I'm doing. I get the Lauderdale County Paper pretty often now.

I have some real good Cookies here. Rosie sent them to me. Addie is going to send me some Stuffed Olives etc. Kello You Send me some of those Flat Corn Sardines along with the Stationery. I don't need any candy.

How's Johnnie Cake doing? We didn't receive any mail at all today. Guess the mail folks are having other things also Such as soldiers. I got the Hi-life yesterday from Otta & little got to bed for a few Winks They may wake me up any time Love to all Austin
