--- PAGE 1 ---
Dear Mother & Sister,

It's a beautiful day on Guam today. I started to say "this morning" but the morning is almost gone - I stayed in bed this morning and didn't get up till almost 11 o'clock. Now it's about time for chow and let be busy the rest of the day & nite!

How is everything around Cherry? So Jack got back on a week-end pass immediately after spending 30 days at home.

--- PAGE 2 ---
The new crew that moved into our bar is sure energetic. He is building a porch & putting up awnings this morning - going to look much better too.

There isn't much to write about this morning so see Write again tomorrow Kello Love & All Austin

--- PAGE 3 ---
24 Missions
August 3, 1945
Guam

Dear Mother & sis,

Didn't get to write you that letter last nite as we had a party at the Officers Club.
Everyone seemed to have a good time - Some of the fellows have to fly today on a training mission & they're not in much shape.

We went out on Aug 1st
Celebrating the Anniversary of the Army Air Force. Suppose you heard 800 B-29s hit Japan that day.
We dropped leaflets & told them over the radio also which cities we were going to bomb a day or two previous to the attack

--- PAGE 4 ---
Still there seemed to be no difference in the amount of opposition they put up.

We heard one crew bailing out Japan as we left the target. He called on the radio and said their plane was on fire & they were bailing out. I received a letter from you yesterday written July 5th. Must have gotten lost in the mail for a while or had 2 pictures in it. I was glad to receive them. The tall slim boy in front of the tent was a co-pilot that I lived with when we first got over here. He also was on a mission - I should send his picture to his parents I suppose!!

--- PAGE 5 ---
We've been lying our in 816
the sun some this morning. Haven't
been swimming in quiet a while.
It's time for the mail now
so I'll be stopping this to
see if I get a letter from
Jane today.
Love to all,
Austin

P.S. Col. Lowry said he got a
letter from William Hutch - The
other day- Also William Brother
here on leave came by to
see him the other day What
is his name? (Walter?)

My Radar man has only (2) missions
to go to get 35. He's got
a new replacement when he finishes

--- PAGE 6 ---
August 4, 1945

Dear Folks,

It's time for supper now but I'll try to scribble a few lines quickly.

I haven't done much today. Worked on a little this morning for a while - tomorrow we gotta fly as instructor with a new crew. Imagine that! Now I'm an instructor - but just for one day, I hope. I have 30 missions in now - hope I can get those other 5 in this month. Am afraid I'll miss the next mission on account of the instructor deal.

How is everyone? I got a letter from Mrs. Barnes today

--- PAGE 8 ---
August 6, 1945

Dear Folks,

Monday morning here it's War Day for me! How is everything? I didn't go to church yesterday. I was flying with one of the new crews - we practiced landings on all the 29 bases in Japan, Tinian & Guam. Had a nice time looking around at all the islands.

Last nite was another mission to Japan also. I didn't get on this one. Yacos started out + got about 2 hours out + one engine quit so he had to come back - no credit for a mission unless you put the bombs on the target. So they didn't get ahead of me after all.

--- PAGE 9 ---
I think I'll go down to
the beach this afternoon if I
don't have anything else to do-
Haven't been swimming in town
time now-
I'm over at the club now-
We can get coffee & fruit juices there- Sure makes it
nice compared to a few months
ago-
I'll look around and see if
I can find any nice pin mode
or shells for you. Can't see
what you want with 'coast tho?
I'll ship some back in my foot
locker when I come home.
Well I must be going now-
Love to All,
Austin
P.S. 12:30PM- No chance to go swimming this
afternoon - Have business in town

--- PAGE 10 ---
Dear Mother,

And how are you Sister? Received 2 letters from you today & also about 16 other letters. Don't know when I'm going to get time to answer them all.

Last nite when I came home from a mission Gene Turner was waiting to see me. Was glad to see him. He was on his way to Okinawa & is leaving today. I wrote to Helen & told her he was here etc.

Also heard from Clifford, A.V. Wim, and Warren Dither.

--- PAGE 11 ---
We were flying another plane in yesterday's formation & got hit by flak. A big hole in the plane just above 6 inches over my navigator's head - No one was hurt but me. The Japs were pretty accurate on their gunnery- the two planes on either side of me were also hit by flak. One had over 20 holes in it & one had to land as two of its engines were knocked out. Luckily we weren't flying "City of Amsterdam". We will on the next raid tho' I think they are going to broadcast from over the target to Australia. Malay Joe's here & he's love to get to Australia.

--- PAGE 12 ---
31 Missions Aug 9, 1945

Dear folks,

What's everyone? Suppose you're all excited about the new Atomic Bomb! We were over here also last nite - And Russia has declared war on the Japs Also.

Looks like the presence of this new bomb there no effect on our missions. Also I don't have any more time to write tonight, maybe tomorrow nite too.

--- PAGE 13 ---
This should shorten The
War lots -
Glad to get the letter
from John & know he
played well with you all the
other time - How is
Lanie & the Baby did they
all three stay with you-
Bardon the scribbling,
guess we're just kinda mad
because they don't go
ahead & use more Atomic
Bombs instead of sending us
out again I
Jane &
All
Austin

--- PAGE 14 ---
Aug 11, 1942

Dear Mother and Sis,

Don't know if the war is over yet or not.

They fix 'em again with what you told me yesterday. I was flying on Kubas' wing & he got hit also - around here - Yatenday knocked his hydraulic lines out & had to land with 3 hours left we landed in Bratan. Everything went ok to the one way like mad because the Japs had offered us about the toughest target.

Best turns - We still agr in Japan

825

--- PAGE 15 ---
We had an engine quit as we got in sight of the home field & landed on engines.

Well here's hoping the fighting all finished by now & we can get home soon—

Love to All,
Austin

P.S., The way people were shooting pistols & jeers it wasn't safe to venture out o' you hear here last nite. Today all fire arms were turned in to armament.

--- PAGE 16 ---
August 13, 1945
Guam

Dear Mother & Sis,

How's everything today? Over here we're just standing by to see if the War is over.
We went on our last mission Friday the 11th. If it's still on tomorrow we'll start bombing again I suppose.

Everyone over here is sure hoping its over.

Yesterday, Sunday I went to Church. Really had a nice sermon from our Chaplin. We played football in the afternoon & I have a kinda sprained ankle.
I got out my bottle of ozone tho & rubbed it last nite. It's gonna be O.K.

--- PAGE 17 ---
Lucas wasn't so lucky. He fell down & cut his back on coral & the Doc had to take 14 stitches. He is in the hospital now - think he'll be OK soon tho' Anyway he won't have to fly any more missions for a while - Suppose you have the latest news by now & know what's going on. Well, I'll stop ya now - Must say Bye Bye - Love to all,
Austin

--- PAGE 18 ---
Aug 15

Dear Mother and Sis,

War's over! And what a happy bunch of people our here on Guam - just be happy.

Two planes were our bombing again last Nite - we wire schools also.

Don't know exactly what the deal will do for coming home but the next minute you can know how. Probably he is on the first trench & far back from Guam in 32 missions in 30 missions. The one with us 30 missions will get back just, Howwe

--- PAGE 19 ---
Dear Mother & Sis,

This week we're going to eat breakfast at 7 o'clock. We got free also. We are going to stay and work this morning clear 5 a.m.

You call the Nellie & let her know you of visit. She told us to John atte town

Paul is know sis it stayed up as you have for started home, I know he was home. Hope we can soon get him home.

Jane - What - Hot dog? Can't go to bed yet. He do say they are still waiting with to what they did.

We ate otta Waitng today - Better go now.
Love,
Joe

--- PAGE 20 ---
Aug 19, 1945

The Mail Line Then The Sake
Day - 5 letters - Got From You.
They Was Nice - Believe We
already Written This & You Before
This N Step The Pictures Back Sure
Sister Heart's Come Back Sure
Take A Long Time To Get Things
Like They Done When You're At
Home
Now Is Everything Closer Feel Time Here
Two Sunday Siste. Want To
Get Under Way For Our Release
Church This Morning - Jovite
It's Raining And We've Been
Writing Mrs. Clays a Letter -
Guess They Wouldn't Send Us Home
I Received A Very Spec Letter
See Enclose
From Jim Today. He Says It's
Understand 3 B-32s Flew Over
House
Tokyo Yesterday & The Japs Tried To
Shoot Them Down.
Me

--- PAGE 21 ---
Lucas is still in the Hospital - Haven't been to see him in several days: Under-Tank Wound Tho

What is Jack doing since he's back home again? So he & Catherine Marie State Good Friend!

But John had a Terrible Vacation - Few Days.

Jell John Wmn to Birthday Poster for me on my Piece 9 Cake
He can eat my Piece if he wants it. We're also As it was Now 50s! Were Old Aunt Jo Nite

Feeling Nice See You & Beef Steak!
Jose & Gratin

--- PAGE 22 ---
Aug 23, 1945
Guam

Dear Mother and Sis,

It's 10:15 now & I just came back from the show. I saw "Rhapsody in Blue" - George Gershwin's music & life story.

Yesterday we went swimming and had a good time. We stopped at 20th Air Force Headquarters and had supper there. Much better than our regular meals.

Everyone is trying to find out when they can get back to the States. There are all kinds of rumors flying around here - I'll include a couple pictures we picked up around here. I have some nice enlarged pictures & plans in flight etc. I'll probably bring them when I come home tho'.

How is everything getting along back there?

--- PAGE 23 ---
Wish I had that leg window fan blowing on me right now. Sure is hot here this afternoon. Have a couple clippings I'll send along to you - Oh, I got my spam bars so you need not send them. I didn't realize it would be so much trouble for you to try & get there. I didn't need them that bad anyway. Well, bye bye for now. Love & best wishes to all Austin

P.S. Ribbon is from my D.F.C. Award

--- PAGE 24 ---
August 26,
Sunday Nite

Dear Mother & Sis,

How in everything doing by now? I got your letters yesterday telling about the end of the War—There was no mail at all today.

Have a couple pictures kep send along in this letter.

I seem to have a large filling that is coming loose in my jaw tooth. Make it will hold till I can get State Side to have it fixed. I don't want the dentist working on me with his foot pedal drill—

--- PAGE 25 ---
We had a party at the club last nite—nothing much going on today. Peace time army now so many they won't work Sunday anymore—I went to church this morning—

The picture with the writing on the bottom was sent into a newspaper. Has it come out in a page yet or don't you know?

What's Jack doing these days? Is he playing at home any? How is W.C.? Hope he is enjoying his leave. Don't suppose he will come out to the Pacific now that the war's over!

--- PAGE 26 ---
Dear Mother,

It seems to be taking a long time to get the peace treaty signed up doesn't it? Maybe they will get it done today & tomorrow tho.

Still haven't done any flying lately. We have at least 6 new books & magazines & we been reading a lot of stories etc.

It's been raining here for 3 days - & got a letter from you & sister today. Missed writing to you yesterday. Last nite we had a little feast on Sardine, tuna fish, & onions out in the garden. They were really good.

Now I have to take my dirty clothes to the laundry. We have a pretty good setup now.


August 28, 1945
Tuesday

--- PAGE 27 ---
Yesterday we had a Parade & I was awarded The "Distinguished Flying Cross" - I may miss it to you later also. I can hide a lot of stuff over here & might have to leave part of it behind so as to stay within the weight allowances for traveling. Mostly clothes etc.

I don't have room yet, I won't leave anything valuable behind.
My Engineer was appointed a Higher Officer today & has moved into our unit. He was a Master Sergeant Garnerly - Also Smith who was back on my crew again so we may do more flying after all. That is his picture with the dark glasses on. The bomb is a 4 thousand pound one. I hope we get to fly our own plane back to the States. That would be swell.

--- PAGE 28 ---
I suppose the old tracks
Are about worn out completely?
Maybe John will be able to get
a new one when they begin selling them again, eh?

I haven't been doing much writing lately - Don't worry if you don't hear from me every day. Let her know if we start toward the States.

The pictures of Smith & I are inside the plane. Well

All they good nite for now with love to all,
Hans' Grandpa? Still smoking those cigars?
Bye 'Now, Louie
Austin

--- PAGE 29 ---
August 31st 1945
Guam...

Dear Mother and Sis,

Sept will be here tomorrow.

Exactly a year ago I was leaving Alamogordo on my way to Great Bend. Lots of things have happened since then - they invite him going up to Tokyo again on Da mission. I hope this will be the last time I'll have to fly up there from here. I think it will be. We get paid today. I'm sending along a check which you can have deposited in my account at the Bank, from now on instead of buying more bonds just deposit my checks in my personal account at the bank.

Okay!

Have been reading a good book "Disputed Passage". It's pretty interesting to me.

--- PAGE 30 ---
Noye, I haven't heard from Wilbur since the "VJ" day - I did get about 6 letters this morning tho., 2 from you & sis.

I need to get my clothes in off the line now so I'll be going. Have been ironing my shirts, trousers, handkerchief etc. lately. We have several irons at the Officers Club which we can borrow for 24 hours at a time. Will write again when I'm back from this mission.

Our planes have been dropping supplies & the Prisoners of War stamps. Suppose you have heard the interesting reports by Radio of the landing in Tokyo Harbor.

Well Bye Bye for now
Love to all,
Austin
