--- PAGE 1 ---
15 Missions

June 2, 1945
Marianas

Dearest Mother And Sid,

Received your letter today & the clipping of L.Sandweder and the City of Memphis - Was glad you got it back sent it to me. How has everything been lately. Hope you have been able to get Pete Colton planted & last years crop all picked.

Yesterday I was on the mission to Osaka. That's the second time that we have bombed that city. Once was on March 14 and it was my second mission. We burned our 8 miles of it at that time - Haven't heard the results of this latest one yet. We have 251 sq miles of Tokyo burned up.

I'm reading a book "Anna & the King of Siam". It's pretty interesting. I guess Miss Josie Bello is about to worries about just now as she was over seas. Doesn't look like he'll be able to be jump out with & etc.

P.S. - I mailed you a check for $200 a couple days ago.

--- PAGE 2 ---
I wish I could send you a picture of our plane now. It has 20 bombing missions now - A bomb with the name of the target for each mission... Also 3 Jap flags for 3 enemy fighters destroyed. There was some talk of sending it back to the states but course we would not get to fly it back (his). It's about the oldest plane but here now that is still in good condition - They would probably use it for a training plane if it does go back then & we'll get a brand new one.

I got a letter from Carl today. Have John Winn & his teeth cutting? How many teeth has he now?

I got the last sheet of the Hi-Life from Alleta also today. Will I guess that's almost all I can write for now - Have to go on No 16 you know.

Oh, our engineer George Phillips was given a job in Ground Training Section working with Cook so we will get a new engineer now. He was promoted to 2nd Lt today also. He has to make no more missions need - A good break for him. He is a Harvard Graduate and he's going to YALE.
Love, Austin

--- PAGE 3 ---
Sunday June 3, 1945
Marianas

Hello Mother & sis,

Well I did go on a mission last nite the was the plan. Weather was too bad over Japan so we called it off temporarily.

I went to church this morning & enjoyed it very much. There is always a large crowd at the church services.

I hung my laundry out on the line this afternoon. We get it washed in a washing machine like you have got then get it wet. We hang it out today is seldom dry anything.

I have a lot of trouble with the wind blowing things off on the ground. Could you send me about 15 of the pincher type clothes pins?

Say did you ever get the pictures to me & loose they were about 2 x 3½. Did you have big mustaches? I don't remember you saying you ever got them!

Later June 4 8AM

Hello again, Looks like a pretty day today. Maybe its nice weather over the

--- PAGE 4 ---
Empire also. We had Duncan & syrup for breakfast this morning - was very good. We have to go to a Way Critique & our crew is supposed to make a picture made by the City of Charlottesville sometime this morning. All go one if them sometimes. They will probably lend a print to The Charlottesville, Va. News paper also. Kello. I have a cute little souvenir I'd like to send you - I may get it in the mail in a few days. Say I had an unexpected bill to pay this week & find that I sent all my money home. Next letter you send put a $5 bill in it - That will be all left over to last me the rest of the month. It will be O.K. A just put the bill in the letter - Unless it's just handy to send a Money Order. I just sent $200 home about three days ago, that means you should get a check for $200 and one for $150 also this month.

My Base Pay is 166.00
10% Overseas Pay: 16.60
50% For Flying: 91.30
Allotted For Meals: 21.00
Total - $244.90
23.25

Then there are other expenses - Office Club Fees, Insurance etc.
About $250. About $600.

Love, Austin

--- PAGE 5 ---
June 6, 1945
Marianas

Dear Mother & Sis,

Well I was on the raid on Kobe yesterday. It was a very successful raid. We got hit by flak tho. To piece I glad hit the glass in the nose of our plane. It shattered it up but did not come through - Guess that's pretty good glass.

We had several attacks by fighters also & they really came in close with all guns blazing. Our night gunner [name] shot one of the fighters & I think the pilot bailed out.

We landed at Tinian. Got back home last nite - about 20 hours after we left? Really sleepy this morning.

I got a couple letters from you when I got back. You also mentioned in one of them that you had gotten the pictures. Send me some of the prints that I haven't seen. The other guys want to see them.

Well so long for now. Tell Johnie Cake Hi

Love
Austin

--- PAGE 6 ---
Dear Mother & Wife,

How's everything today? I received a nice letter from you this morning.

They have really kept us busy—yesterday & went to Okinawa again. We had to land at two in the night and get home about 10:30. We were gone only 23 hours on that mission, flying 16 hours.

You were asking about an Oak Leaf Cluster. Well a cluster is the same as the original award for which it is given—instead of giving you 2 or 3 Air Medals they give you one Air Medal with one or two Oak Leaf Clusters instead of repeating the same medal. I now am entitled to the Air Medal with two oak leaf clusters.

Ole Jack Benny is on the radio now. He's getting plenty of laughs—Jack isn't able to play Drop the Hammer very well, is he!

Did you say you had Miss Leno pictures in a frame? (Ha) I don't think we will get to go on a West leave.

--- PAGE 7 ---
What is John going to use the little shed on the side of the store for? To put the seeds in it so he can use the combine any yet?

Did St. Andrews send you 3 Rolls? You mentioned Hilda so I figured that was what you were talking about? Also, did you get the picture of me with my head sticking out the window of painting at some Bowles?

We have some pretty rough targets coming up soon.

All have to do now is talk.

Bye Bye Jack Kello
Austin

--- PAGE 8 ---
June 8, 1945

Dear Mother & Si,

So you know when I am now! They released the identity of our island yesterday so now we can tell where we are - how has everything been lately? We flew and were missions for 6 days and then really booked out. Some one else is flying our plane on the next mission - I heard from Nitee and he was 35 missions in 8 25 hour missions & 10 four hour missions so June have too many other type please cede your job. We are beginning to be able to get Cola now. We watched & acted & Pen West. New rest > Hope Chi OK.
Love
Jack & Jaqueline

--- PAGE 9 ---
Next time you see Stan Lee
Hello for me & also he
Clem said me his address sometime
He asked me to write & be sure
to really sayin' & see how things are going
The friendship is real & we will
really hate to see him leave.
They have left
the camp to take some pictures
around here! How did your
picture turn out?
Well it's about bed time
We'll close for now
You need John any of the same
Association stuff? Also
little moss that Joe is blooming also
Our tomatoes & watermelons are blooming
What everything else is being eaten
go by ships - Betty Jane & Beth

--- PAGE 10 ---
June 19, 1945

Dear Mother & Sir,

Hello there, it's Sunday Nite. We didn't go on the Mission last nite - His afternoon crew was on leave. I also took duty at the guard post when we aren't flying. They say we probably won't fly to school you might say (kello) they'll leave us off a field somewhere now & get back later. What is John doing these days? Are the old trucks still running sometimes?

I sent you a little souvenir the other day - Sir Mail so you should have already received it. I hope it gets there in one piece.

We're down on the beach and went swimming really gay some Red, General of here to take a proficiency examination. So you see we are still having fun. They may leave us off a field somewhere now & get back later. John how's! They should be back by now I think they go to a show tonight.

The Audi is putting out.

--- PAGE 11 ---
How are the neighbors getting along? They sure got tired of their electricity turned on if their house is grandpa able to be up around the nature away? And what wheel. Uncle John been hunting that money by now! Are they having a good year? You could send me new articles to Lehigh Park saying I was promoted from 1st to 2nd grade too. Also that I had completed 8 combat missions over Japan so far will enough for now so die. Bye bye you'll - love Austin

--- PAGE 12 ---
June 12 1945

Hello Mother & Sis,

How's thing going this morning? We are getting up the place to start school around ten o'clock. We drink them alcoo (sic) occasionally. We have ice cream at meal time.

Dear Mom, I hope we get a new plane pretty soon. Our plane is getting kinda old by now & it's time for it to be fixed by Peart you know. Kelley & I sleep too. Yesterday we took a proficiency exam which lasted 3 hours - beating the B-29 boys all the jobs in a B-29. It caused much time now - in pretty good shape - in fact & get the clipping.

Yesterdy we got a letter. They had been there twice last week. The mail is here yesterday - feel name be nice yesterday - Mr. Brindie asked me if you ever got the letter. He said he didn't hear from anyone, they just wondered if you got it.

--- PAGE 13 ---
June 18, 1945

Hello folks,

I saw "Spotswood" last night & hear George has been there. And on the way back we heard where several troops were held up by a truck load of German soldiers with released prisoners.

War - Hope you're all well. We had a swim at home. How are you getting along?

We probably have an increase in the next time I write this. With this heat, it's getting along with the crops. There's something about the soil that makes them grow so fast and in between the trees out there they are almost ready to pick. They usually get picked by July or August.

How is the show going? Pretty busy!

--- PAGE 14 ---
Billy,

When you should have heard from me.

I'm on leave & got out of the Army to think. I haven't seen little Jimmy yet. When he's hungry during Prince School he'll be going to Memphis. He's Mr. Keaton and S. Edward (his son) getting along. Sir St. Charles, send your 3 rules of Juan?

The sheets you sent are really nice - we're using them now. I have a rubber mattress which I covered with a Matress Cover then I have a sheep & wool blanket. We sleep on regular army cots - you know the little foldy canvas cot like we used to in the Rover here. They are OK with the Rover.

Mrs. W.H. Winn
Route #2
Waycross, Ga.
Box 741

--- PAGE 15 ---
19 Missions
Saturday June 16, 1945

Dear Mother & Sis,

How's everything? Well Yesterday I went back to OSA. June 15th was the anniversary of the 1st B-29 Bombing Japan. I suppose you heard General Arnold's announcement from Guam on the raid. The General was on the field here the day before the raid and gave a little talk to all the Pilots.

Oh, yesterday I got another package from Addie Boy it sure is packed so nice. I got 2 nice rolls of cheese a box of crackers, his stationery, and a big bag of hard candy. Several funny papers included also.Boy this wise cheese is really good.

--- PAGE 16 ---
I stayed in bed this morning and ate Cheez & Crackers when I got up (8:30). Some of the crew have gone down to the beach to spend the day. I thought I'd write a few letters this morning & might go down there afternoon.

3 of our gunners were promoted this month, now we have 1 Tech. Sgt., 3 Staff Sgts., & 1 Black Sgt. 3 Lieuts. 2 Kello. & We don't have an Engineer at the present time. Phillips flew with us yesterday but he has a new job working in the training section. We will get a new one soon.

Guess this is about all for today.
Tell all hello - How's Grandpa?

Lane
Austin

--- PAGE 17 ---
June 17, 1945
Sunday

Hello Folks,

Have time for a few lines now. I went to church this morning and just got back. I'll enclose the little folder.

How has everything been going lately? I got a letter from Wilber yesterday. He has 36 missions in Now. He has to fly about 55. He is still a 2nd Lt. He expects his promotion any time now.

I don't think he's going on any rest leave. I'd rather try to finish my mission as soon as possible and get home. (Kello)

It's time for chow. I'll be busy this afternoon. Probably write you the next letter day after tomorrow.

I'll say Bye Bye now.
Love,
Austin

P.S. You wrote something in one letter about us towing a plane. No, we can't do that. I said we ferried a plane. In other words, we just flew a plane back from Iwo Jima to Tinian for the Groups over there. We left ours at Iwo to be repaired.

--- PAGE 18 ---
June 18, 1945
Monday

Dear Mother & Sis,

Hello there! It's almost time for supper now. See just drop you a few little lines real quick. Here's something I have a new (APO#334) - you can put that on my letters instead of (APO246 Unit 2)

Made another mission last nite & am really tired today. We wear TK kyoshes.

Oh, I never did send those clothes home I mentioned - I packed them up but didn't like send them. We had a crew picture made last nite before we took off on the mission - we are supposed to get a copy of it.

--- PAGE 19 ---
Well This is all for now -  
I'll have time to write more tomorrow ~ Hope all are well ~  
Bye Bye, Love, Austin

June 1945.
Well everything's about the same around here today.  
We new censoring mail this morning.  
Guess that's it for now.  
Love, Austin

--- PAGE 20 ---
Dear Mother And Sister,

Boy I received 3 letters from you at once yesterday. Was very glad to get them too. The clippings were very interesting. Am glad you are going to get the Press now.

Did you get 3 rolls of film from Lt. Hand Wukers? (Answer)

Yesterday I went swimming - we took our lunch & stayed all day. I have a feeling nose this morning. Its raining again sure today. I hope it's stopped enough there so farming can be done. Last nite our Officers Club opened up. We had

--- PAGE 21 ---
A band here & a dance - About 40 nurses & Red Cross girls were here for the dance. Everyone had a big time -
No, I don't need any memo books- thanks.
Glad you got your phone moved & it's working O.K. now. How is Miss Lovey and her teeth pulling coming along?
Thanks for mailing the packages
A Request: (Send me some SOAP, wash cloths,
and candy--)
Now is Joe Harry & Faye Belle. Guess Edgard is having a good time - Yes I'm hoping to get a leave soon after I complete my missions (35) - Don't think this moving up any closer - Well all close for now - Love & Kisses
Austin

--- PAGE 22 ---
Dear a lot of News - We got a brand new plane today. The old one had gotta attached to us in some ways. We hate to leave. Boy we really came within inches of Japan yesterday. Jerry down pin Japan sometime. He can wait about flat sometime.

Glad to get the information & have been asking do much later. We got our crew picture about the pictures (so) you seem to mention them. Are it really nice or may be I fully know if you had them. Keep on every gotten them. Ripley says he from cent get a copy of the news paper - We may war on the 21st mission yesterday. Sir was pretty rough. Lot of poor quality in Rotan and have to wait until the ringer people come down. Wishing, His friend & Kin -

--- PAGE 23 ---
21 missions
June 25, 1945

Dear Mom & Sis,

Today has been a very good day for our Ground Crew as well as us. We got to fly the new plane this afternoon - went up solo for the first time. Luck stayed on the ground and took care of my stuff while I flew all things they go wrong with the plane.

We decided to keep Que's old plane instead of taking the record number for our squadron. It's such a shame, I have flown 21 missions on it now. That's the new one.

--- PAGE 24 ---
And they were all in the same plane - a few other crews flew our plane occasionally & put the extra missions on it.

We have a large picture of your new (8x10) hangup soon & send home up in our barracks. Wish you could see it. We can take so John can use for Connie. Going to try to get prints of all he needs to. Will that's almost all for now Kello nite. Oh, you sure our apples & pears here lately - some days no oranges we have fine apple juice & one in Que hamster even gets ice to put in Mr. Lane's juice. One letter -

--- PAGE 25 ---
June 28, 1945 Thursday

Dear Mother and Sister,

Just time for a few lines before going to bed tonight. Am stuck on that 21 missions it looks like.
They have left us off the last few missions for some reason. I think we will get a rest leave now one of these days. I don't expect to get the rest of my missions as quickly as the first 20 came. We are going to fly formation missions mostly. I had much rather fly the kite missions.
Tomorrow I think see go to the Beach. We may take our lunch down with us.

--- PAGE 26 ---
Today I got letters from you from 2 weeks to 7 days old. They were very welcome. Just got your letter where tho at that. Just got your letter where you first mentioned John Bishop's release when he arrived in from the Prison Camp. Also what's the news from A.V.?

Don't tell this for a fact but if I do go to a rest camp it will be Sydney, Australia - I think that would be a good deal. The thing we are sweating out at present is whether we have to fly 30 or 35 missions - some say 30 some say 30 & 35 + some say 35 so no one seems to know. The main thing is whether there is a crew to replace you or not.

Well, tell John to take it easy on the Combine & don't have too many facts per day. Hope I am home when he Combines the Beans! Tell all hello - Love Austin

--- PAGE 27 ---
June 30, 1945
Guam

Dear Sister,

Since I get so many nice letters from you, & thought I'd just sit down & write one especially for you - Today has been a scorcher and we've been trying to keep cool most of the day. We had intended to fly today but the mission was called off - Probably weather or bad over Japan or something

--- PAGE 28 ---
Oh, yes I saw the article about Gen LeMay flying to Washington. He didn't fly from Guam non-stop though it was Hawaii to Washington non stop.

Our new Commanding General of the 21st Bomber Command is General Power.

I have to name one of these planes after a city. Since Memphis is already taken up, Hardwacker I think I'll let the

--- PAGE 29 ---
the rest of the crew draw straws to see who gets the honors of naming the city.
Might as well tell you they made me an Air-plane Commander and now I have a crew of my own. They are all new men to me. Lucas is still flying with the rest of our old crew and I have a crew that has 17 missions in New. I was given a plane to

--- PAGE 30 ---
Call my own and thus have
a name for it. Today
We got paid - I didn't
send any extra money home
this time above the $150-
allotment- We may go to
Sydney and still need some money
if I do. How ever since this
change in Evans I probably
go as quickly as I
would have otherwise.
Well I'll have to stop
for now. Tell John &
Johnie Cake hello for me!
Love to all
Austin
