--- PAGE 1 ---
22 Mission - Tuesday July 3rd

Wells Again: Doug R.

didn't get this letter finished sooner. Since I began it I flew another mission - Today I have been up flying around locally with my new crew. They are all a swell bunch of fellows. I haven't been on a mission with them as yet. Cool Rays he is going along with me on my next mission. He is our

--- PAGE 2 ---
Operations Officer - He was promoted to Major the other day.

How is everything coming along now? The job I have new calls for a Captain but it will be impossible to make Captain until you serve 9 months as a 1st Lt so Ill just have to wait that long.

If I see Gene Turner over here Ill let you know. Hope he does come to this island. Ill probably be pretty quiet for the next few days.

--- PAGE 3 ---
July 10, 1945

22 Missions

Dear Mother Josie,

Today's the 10th. Just wondering how much celebrating I'm going to have good. On back home! Waycross Park? Had a big day at Waycross Park!

Received a nice letter & letter from you & Santa today. Baby is back in town on next Tuesday, so keep her in taking it easy too. You said he is young and needs more sleep. Wish every one around so kindly tosses every bombardier's bomb so they drop the bombs on the enemy when they get enough several.

You've received the 45-day pay check back only come back old I stunned up a crew member got top the smoke dump again locally tonit look Wiley Adams each up day to the plane probably fly with me & check one flops away like a piece of paper which wind.

--- PAGE 4 ---
Well I guess this is closer
You asked about Cook & Biddle
Cook is OK. They both went to die
And they're down in Waycross Ga.
With us long time
They were flying Fortress night
On the Court of Appeal an hour later
Flying formation straight up hope
Things will be always pay
There were 4 parachutes seen on
The water after the plane crashed
He was one of the only
To be picked by the Jap
As a prisoner or way by the Jap
We're in the State Stage now
That line taken out this new crew,
Most of its members
Have 17 or 18 missions
I am enlisted men
Impress me too much to pay to pay
With them. That would make me 39 or 40 missions
But hey I can say it

--- PAGE 5 ---
July 6, 1945

Dear Mother & Sister,

A nice morning here after a good Kello last night. Yesterday I received a letter from Jack which I answered. How long is he going to stay at home? And what is he doing inside a swimming suit? Does he wear civilian clothes or his Marine uniforms?

It's almost mail time now. We usually get our mail about 11 A.M and 4:30 P.M. Hope I get the pictures you're sending. We'll give those pictures to the fellows on the crew since you have the negative & can get another copy of each anyway.

I understand that soon the ban will be lifted & we can take pictures here on Guam. Sure hope so. I have about 10 or 12 rolls of film - '41 and Dotty says if she gets a request she will send me some film also. Don't think she needs that many tho'. Don't think too much about the letter she wrote you.

--- PAGE 6 ---
Just received the mail—Got one letter but didn't hear from you. I'll probably get one this afternoon too.

The news is on now & things are happening everywhere it seems. McArthur announced the Philippines were completely under our control.

I haven't named my plane yet. Don't know for sure exactly which plane I will have. The "City of Charlottesville" is ahead of all other planes in the squadron. It has 31 missions on it now. I put in my 22 missions in that plane—That's very unusual for anyone else here to have that many missions all in the same plane & none in another plane—but from now on we'll probably fly in some other plane. I hope to get a new plane.

Glad you liked the little turtle. George Mezzaro, a fellow on my former crew has a herd of the little fellows—(about 8) I hated to leave my old crew but you can't turn down a promotion in the Army. The way Jack wrote he said he was glad to hear I was almost thru with my missions. We don't figure it that Waycross here—

Sincerely
Love & Best Wishes,
Austin

--- PAGE 7 ---
July 7, 1945 Guam

Dear Mother & Sister,

Well it's about 3 PM now. Just came back from my first mission with my new crew. Everything went okay - think I'm gonna like them just fine.

Got a letter from Clifford today. Guess he'll answer him in a few minutes also. He says he has enough points to get out of the Army but needs to have to stay over a couple more months yet.

How did John & A.V. look? Were they in pretty good condition? The crew I'm on now is usually split up in missions - one man has 26 missions, I have 23, my engineer, Master Sgt. Fiegel has 22, Radio Man has 20, most of the others have 18 & my co-pilot, Smith has about 11 - see got some pictures of this crew too.

We flew a new plane last nite. It was the 2nd mission for the plane. We're going to keep that same plane

--- PAGE 8 ---
Does John need a wrist watch? I have my watch I bought in Memphis over here in my locker. Haven't worn it even once. I have a garrison issued watch that I wear all the time. I could send it home anyway for you to keep if he doesn't need one. It cost me about $35.

Tell Johnie Winn Kello for me. What's he doing these days? That's different? Does he like to ride in the truck with John?

Well, I guess this is all
Love & Best Wishes,
Austin

--- PAGE 9 ---
July 8, 1945

Hello Mother & Sir,

Today is a beautiful day here. Boy oh boy lost time. We had to go to school this morning. So we're on our way home together.

We saw Cook in our town. He was really funny before he went to see a movie and then it rained. We were really lucky to be there during the rain. We stayed at the City of Minneapolis, Minnesota. We planned to have dinner at the city club but it was closed so we had to go to the bar instead.

The rain was nice & warm. No outdoor affairs you know! The rain was pretty good! It was so fun down to the movie that we would have rather lost anyway if we were home for just half an hour. We could not stand the movie. The train is waiting at the station and it's cold out. I'm feeling pretty good this morning.

Any news? Have a nice day & see you soon.


Staff Sgt. Thomas H. Miller

--- PAGE 10 ---
You know after I finish my missions over here there are some decisions to be made. They are going to give most all staff jobs in the AAF to men with combat & flying experience - The ones interested in an Army career have a good opportunity. I got ahead here now. They are starting a school here on Guam to teach you to be capable of taking over the various staff jobs - Its purely volunteers. If I want to I can take a 30 day leave home & then come back here to a staff job. That is, after my missions are completed. Then too it can come on home & make for out of the army but I never if I can get out before the war is over since they'll need B-29 instructors back in the States -

--- PAGE 11 ---
But so Sue asked if you think Stay (position) & probably come on Aunt & the famu (sky) Boy & thought it's very unusual where to he now does the lie? When the lie was over questions about his Army or not! It's a very dependable boy He when there no whip visit! Ray well also I could stay overseas for 6 months as a first kit ed probably be promoted & corp d next time John gone x nite you know from me. Next time to say bye by. Keep him to get me a couple of bars silver bars you can send them on a little cardboard for something we can't buy sugar now here hope & heaven moved they just gave our quip a new ABO #1 where were 2 or 3 fields using now the other day when I wrote you their news things fine news Monday the mail and getting mixed up

--- PAGE 12 ---
July 11, 1945
Guam

Dear Mother & Ace,

I got a letter from you yesterday. He is doing O.K., he has 24 missions X 372 combat hours.

Just got my Sunday mail today. The wet weather this morning & I may have to be keeping for most surrounding islands.
A. Training period downtown today
This will stay here at the base on Guam. We'll be there another week or so.
As you can see, there are two small ships north of Waycross. I'll get a photo in the mail.

Well getting news now & write you later this morning also.
There isn't much to do make this day seem so deep make this one short.

Girl sister Jim is on the outfit with her husband wives?
And what was he doing today? Now?

How many teeth does he have?

--- PAGE 13 ---
25 Missions
Guam
July 13, 1945
7:30 PM

Dear Mother and Sister,

Just back from another mission - I have been on the last 3 in a row since I have a crew & plane of my own.

How is everything? I got a letter from Otho yesterday. First one in about 2 months. Is Jack & Waits at home now?

I received the pictures from you and was really glad to get them. I gave most of them to the other fellows so don't loose the negatives.

The little clipping in the Lauderdale County paper about me was O.K.- Nice wording (ha)

We're playing records in our barracks tonight. The mission was 14 hr & 35 min so I landed about 8AM this morning & slept till 4:30 PM. We had some bad weather over Japan last nite - flying thru rain & sleet etc.

--- PAGE 14 ---
Well see write to a couple others
after tonite so will make this short.
Tell all hello.

Solang news,
Love,
Austin

P.S.- I implied that I didn't want
a staff too overseas after completing
my missions - The C.O. interviewed
all combat officers a few days ago

--- PAGE 15 ---
Dear Mother & Sister,

Suppose you can see from the stationery that we received the packages! They came yesterday and were in good condition — Haven't tried the sardines yet but will any time now - The candy is good. Thanks for the wash clothes & clothes pins also. Do I still have a package with soap coming yet?

Well, yesterday I moved over to another barracks. I'm living with my new crew now & have lots more room in this barracks. I also inherited a desk with drawers & a nice clothes closet also - [H41] There are only 9 in this hut compared to 17 in my former hut. They're both the same size also.

--- PAGE 16 ---
Went to church this morning at 9:30.

We have two big flower beds in front full of giant red zinnias - also some orange ones.

It's time for the mail this morning - On Sundays we get mail only once - other days we have mail call twice-a-day.

How is Johnie Cate today?

I told you we named our plane City of Annapolis - As soon as they get the name painted on we will have a crew picture made by the plane.

Guess I better say Bye about here. Hope all are well.

Love,
Austin

I like this stationery

--- PAGE 17 ---
26 Missions Guam July 17, 1945 9:30 PM

Dearest Mother & Sister,

Back Again! Have been on the last 4 in a row now but expect to be laid off a couple now - Don't mind the rest tho although. I'd like to finish as soon as possible. We had our first crew from Guam to complete 31 missions this morning. There was a Brass Band out to meet them when he landed. They'll be coming home any day now Look for any news of it in the paper - It's Capt Murphy & crew.

I don't think we have to fly over 35 missions. They ask the Airplane Commanders to fly "one" extra mission in case where The rest of his crew have 34 missions when he completes his but I love 5 more than my crew so don't think I'll come under that category - (HS)

--- PAGE 18 ---
The clothes pins are real handy - I got my laundry back yesterday & hung it on the line to dry while I was on the last mission - none of the clothes had blown off on the ground, thanks to the pins.
Yes I received the #5...I thought I had thanked you for sending it. You didn't send more than 1 letter with money in it did you!
Last nite, no 2 nits ago we had a little midnite snack in our hut - SARDINES, CRACKERS, olives, cheese SPREAD, etc.
Really good -
The ban on cameras has been lifted now & we can take pictures of non-military scenes. That is, pictures of each other, our plane, Quonset huts etc. Well try to take some soon & send home.
Last nite We hit a town of war industries a few miles west of Tokyo - Wasn't much opposition over the target as the weather was bad again

--- PAGE 19 ---
And the Nips probably couldn't get their fighters off the ground. We flew through clouds for a couple hundred miles in lightning flashes almost blind you. And our ship got all charged up with static electricity & was glowing just like a light while we were flying thru the worst of the clouds. Sparks flying back & forth across the glass nose. And you could stick your finger nail up to a glass window Payne & a spark would jump onto your finger nail. Really scary looking clear sky too dangerous. Flying on instruments. You remember me writing while in training @ flying under the hood! Well that was practice for this when you couldn't ever see outside of your plane. We landed about 8:20 this morning & took a shower & slept til 4PM.

--- PAGE 20 ---
I got 3 letters at once now you today They don't come too regularly What color is the house painted? you said the Bome was red!

Well it's about Red Tain now so Lee he saying Nity nite

Till grandpa hello & hope he's feeling well

Love & Best Wishes,
Austin

Enclosed five pictures of crew
From left to right - Right to left -
AC Prior Engineer Special inst. Radio
Lucas, Winn Phillips Meszaros, Fordman, man.
CFC Gunner Gunner Bombardier Tail gunner.
Mieler, Beattie Boley Couell,
Navigator Gunner-
Parry, Czajkoski

--- PAGE 21 ---
26 Missions Guam July 19, 1945

Dear Folks,

A few lines tonite to pay hello and hows things - Today I've been working a bit. This morning I was shoveling coral helping landscape our Officers Club grounds. This afternoon tho' I was taking a B-29 around while the cameras rolled (H4). They are making a movie of the B-29 etc so we went through a mock take-off for a mission while the camera-men took pictures. It's going to be in technicolor - I was in plane Number (M-41) In case you are a News Reel of it.

I had a big Cucumber out of the garden for supper! It was so good that after Supp & came back

--- PAGE 22 ---
Page 7 And planted about 15 more hills Cucumbers Planted some Watermelons also.

I am sending a little Japanese Currency along You can give John one of the bills for a souvenir It is equal to 50 cents in American Money Mother can keep the other That's mt. Fuji on one of the Bills

I didn't get to go on this Mission The planes are out tonite Capt Handwerker is flying my plane tonite

Did you get the crew picture I sent in my last letter? Dix gather 2 or 3 more pictures from you one at a time Some didn't turn our too good did they Well I'll take some more pictures soon

Don't think too much about the Sydney Aust deal If we're lucky it might finish up next month

--- PAGE 23 ---
And then he on the first transportation for the U.S.

Well see tu going now. Hope all an will - Salts the neighbors?

Love to All,

Austin

Via Airmail

Lt Austin H. Winn O-794857
13th Bomb Sq. 49 T Bomp Grp.
APO 334 96 Post Master
San Francisco, Calif.

Mrs W N Winn
RFD#2
Henning, Tennessee

--- PAGE 24 ---
July 21, 1945
Saturday Nite

Dear Mother & Sis,
A few lines before bedtime-
Today we had a parade & ceremony-
"Presentation of Awards" I received my
Air Medal & an Oak Leaf Cluster to the Air medal- They took pictures
of us. One other fellow from Tennessee received the Air
Medal today also- They took our
pictures together So it'll be in The Paper Soon & Suppose
How is everyone? I'll
send the medal home if I can
Send it Air Mail. You can look
in my "Officers Guide" The
Brown Book I have there &
see pictures of the medals etc

--- PAGE 25 ---
We're having a lot of rain here now - almost every day.

We have a new crew that moved into our hut with us. They are fresh from the states. We've been showing them how to do different things. Even down to taking a bath in a steel helmet. We still have trouble getting sufficient water supply for showers. We rigged up a gutter for our roof & catch a barrel of water every time it rains - which is every day.

Bettie go to bed now
Love to all,
Preston

--- PAGE 26 ---
26 - Monday July 23

Dear Mollie & Sis,

So just got up about 7:30 this morning. Cleaned up & air-dried for 30 minutes. The stationery you sent is swell. Nice, I like it too. You're going to want to write on it good.

Our flowers are really beautiful now. They just keep on blooming and a few pink ones are dark red. That mischievous little Johnnie didn't go in the picture Saturday night with me that he intended to make sleepy. He took some from me. Something came up we made back in a couple of weeks if just Jane & I were finally here.

I got a nice letter from Auntie & she is on Okinawa. I wish they would soon start the invasion from your birth yesterday.

--- PAGE 27 ---
of the homeland. Oh Russia would join in with us.

I saw a movie last nite.
Calbe 'Pan American' - it was pretty good.

Glad the crops are looking good. Would like to see some of those cornfields. I planted more cucumbers the other day & they up & coming already - we have cucumbers out in the garden pretty often. Most of them are already too large & turned yellow.

Well, give all my love.
Hope grandpa feels well.
Yours,
Austin

--- PAGE 28 ---
Dear Mother and Sister,

It's about 1 P.M. here now. Think I'm going down to the beach for a while this afternoon if we can get a jeep. Went on another raid yesterday. Suppose you heard about it on the radio. It was a daylight formation raid and a record number of B-24s hit Japan - over 600. Also, the Navy had about a thousand planes raiding Japan.

Must have done OK because no Japanese interceptors rose to meet us & flew on Lucas' wing.

--- PAGE 29 ---
Was talking to Cook this morning & he asked me if I wanted to come home when I completed my missions or stay over here a while - & told him I'd come home. Don't think we'll get to go to West Coast. We're not tired tho anyway--h4, We sure have a good plane. I think it's about the best in our outfit. I like my crew fine - They are all a fine bunch of boys.

Well hope everything's OK at home. I'll have to go now.
Love to All,
Austin
I sent 3 rolls of film to Hawaii to be developed ~ Will get them back in 3 weeks

--- PAGE 30 ---
P.G. - I mailed my Air Medal & a set of shell jewelry home. If either you or sister want the necklace etc., you can have it. If you don't just keep it for me if I'm gone I can give it to someone.

Those are called (cat eyes) - The little green shells set in tortois shell.

--- PAGE 31 ---
27 July 27, 1945 Guam

Dear Folks,

A line before bedtime—We had an "Al Pierce" show here tonight. You remember him on the radio several years ago!! He & Arline Harris! He used to be Elmer Blurt + knock on some housewives' doors & try to sell something & say - "Someone home, I hope, Hope, I hope"

He had a pretty good act—About 3 girls to sing & dance, & Arline Harris gave a monologue. Also a little 3-piece band made some good music—Was really a big crowd there—

--- PAGE 32 ---
Haven't had much time lately it seems - I'm kinda falling behind on my writing I'm sure -
How's the crops? Good lot of news on the radio these days - see you going to bed now.
Tell all hello & hope everyone's in the best of health.
Love to all,
Austin

--- PAGE 33 ---
July 29, 1945

How is everyone today? Today is Sunday! We were our cook war along last nite. Just nite bombing Japan. We had chicken for dinner tonight and it was really good.

The moon was out clear and was really beautiful - we could see all the way to Japan. It's almost 60 years old and used to be a yellowish color on the Pacific while clouds our own the Pacific now.
Now Mother sent this,
We had trouble our target everyone was camp limitering the moon light.

We have a mascot of our crew, (crewmate) that is named "Tat" he's always down to see us. Tat is always waiting when we go work.
The Special Instrument Operator School Principle - The Special Instrument Operator

--- PAGE 34 ---
He is a Harvard Man also
Has about 3 years at Harvard.

Guess you heard where we
are telling The Japs now which
Cities we are going to bomb
on certain nite. This wasn't
The Combat Crews ideas - Don't
know how it's going to work out.
Probably they will give us a
little more opposition if they knew
where to look for us.

We made 2 runs over the Tigers
last nite. Really burned the city
up too.

Heard where a B-25 crashed
into the Empire State Building in
New York.

Better say Bye
Love to all
Austin

--- PAGE 35 ---
1945 July Monday 30th At nite

Dear Mother & sis,

A few lines to say hello —
Didn't hear from you today— In fact no one got any letter today tho— Guess the planes didn't fly because of bad weather—

Today we had another presentation
I awards I got for the 2nd Oak
Leaf Cluster to the Air Medal—

Did you ever heard that soap you mentioned you were reading to me? I got another box from Addie the other day. She sent me 4 cans of sardines also.(ha) Some Ritz crackers &
A large jar of stuffed olives— Magazines etc. Rosie sent me a book which &

--- PAGE 36 ---
gov yesterday.

My new shoes I got are so stiff they hurt my feet. Think Kello oil them up tonite & see if that wont soften them up enough.

Tomorrow is payday again.
These months are really rolling by aren't they?

Give John a "Happy Birthday" for me - How old is he? (28)
Is Clifford coming home or does anyone know yet? Also where is Jack P. Now?
Glad to hear Mary is teaching at Gling- Is Ollie also teaching there this year?
Dio Waits get his extended leave?

--- PAGE 37 ---
I sure am behind on my writing now 0 days—

I am pretty certain that I won't have to fly over 35 missions— I saw Cook if I'm checking my Co-Pilot out from the left seat now. So when I finish he'll probably take over the crew.

It's time for me to sign off now — Love to Kello,
Austin
