Officers" Club  
Kearney Army Air Field
Kearney, Nebr. 

Feb 1st

Dear Mom,

How is everything by now? I guess you have been kinda puzzled since getting my last few letters. Well everything is OK. 

Looks like I'm sending everything I have home. I will probably send another bag of some kind Home from here. Still snowing & is real cold. I've seen Cook & the rest of my crew. I'll be with them again soon. 

Have gotta go now. 

Love to all
Austin
___________________________
Officers" Club  
Kearney Army Air Field
Kearney, Nebr.

Feb. 2, 1945

Dear Mother,

Another busy day and it's still so cold too. Snow on the ground and still looks like more. 

How has everyone been? I haven't been able to get any mail since I left G.B. I sure hope this mail situation of mine doesn't get too mixed up. You see I was in the 93rd & am now 28th but will be 93rd again soon. I will send you a temporary APO No. soon. 

Boy you can call me "Shorty" now. I got a hair cut a few minutes ago & it's at least 1/4 inch long. I think. I had about 3 rolls of film in the studio in G.B. being developed. I had to leave them there but I asked Rosie to get them for me & send them if possible. If she doesn't send them soon I'll send her your address & let her dend them to you. 

I got a telephone call from Evelyn last week & a telegram the day I left. 

I'm living in the same B.O.Q with the commanding Officer & His staff. I'm the only officer lower than a Major in this building. Of course I have a Majors job. now also tho. I'm Acting Assist. Group Operations Officer until I get back with my crew. 

It was really a streak of luck that I got to come along with these guys. Just as I was about to give up One pilot up here broke his leg so Major Maley the Assist. Operations Officer had to take over this pilot's crew. So as I was right there trying to get across with this group the just made me the Assist. Grp Operat. Officer. 

Say I got paid just before leaving & I didn't have much time to tend to my affairs so I just bought 3 war bonds & left the money & your adress etc. & told them to mail them to you. 

If you haven't recieved themas yet I'd like to know so I could get it strait if possible. I left the money there without a receipt or anything. 

I am taking out an allotment to send home 150 each month and I want you to buy bonds for me as it comes in. I could send the bonds home but that is a lot more complicated affair after you get over seas. You can just let John take the check into the bank & get 2 $100 bonds each month. 

The Russians are really doing OK it seems. Oh yes. I found my other fountain pen since I've been here. It was in a shirt in my laundry bag. 

Also the one foot locker I sent had some dirty clothes in it but they are good clothes. The fellow just threw them away & bought new ones. 

I saw all the fellows on my old crew & they were all glad to see me too. Binder\s (navigator) father died tho & he had to go on an emergency leave. Don't know if he will get back in time or not. 

Well I hope everything is just fine around home. Now don't you be worrying about me. I'll write as often as possible but maybe there will be times that you wont hear for quite a while. But you can understand that.

I'm sleeping in the same room with Major Lowery who use to be stationed at Dyersburg. He says that he knows William Hutcherson & took him for a plane ride once. He said tell him hello if you see him. 

Well tell Sis, John and John Winn hi also. Hope grandpa feels better & likes the cigars. 

Love to all 
Austin
___________________________
ARMY AIR BASE
KEARNEY, Neb.

Sunday
Feb. 4, 1945

Dear Mother and Sister,

What is going on today? The weather is still cold here but looks like it might quit snowing & clear up soon now.

Just wondering if you had gotten the foot lockers yet and also the War Bonds dated Jan. 31st. We had a nice time at the officer club last nite. Capt Cook & all the crew were around. I think we're going to name our plane Battling Betsy. Capt. Cook's wife is Betty.

How is grandpa getting along? I have another box of cigars for him. Do you think it's ok for him to smoke so many?

Well I'll have to make this short today. I want to write to A.V. Winn And Jack too.

Did John find the electric razor in that first locker I sent? I intended for him to use it if he wants to.

I sure have plenty of nice new flying equipment so we'll be using it soon. I'll write as soon as possible. Use this address until you get my temporary A.P.O.#. 

Lt. Austin H. Winn 0-774857
19th Bomb Group - c/o Base Post Office
K.A.A.B.
Kearney, Nebraska.

Love to all,
Austin
___________________________
Officers' Club  
Kearney Army Air Field
Kearney, Nebr.

Feb. 5, 1945

Dear Mother,

How's everything?. Well I got some mail today for the first time since I left Great Bend. A couple letters from you & sister. 

Here is a picture taken while I was home. One day while in Ripley Mr. Claude Robbins girl saw me & wanted to take my pictIn the court yard. I should get another in a few days from another girl that was with her (HA). 

Everythings going swell here except the weather is so bad we can't fly. Just after we stopped here it started snowing & has been bad ever since. 

I have about 3 rolls of film being developed at Great Bend. I wrote for Rosie to send to me here if possible. But if she doesn't get them to me I'll send her your address. Don't worry tho I don't think she'll write you too many letters (HA). I got 2 letters from Evelyn & she said she was writing you another letter. She is a nice sweet girl alright but she must have a wrong idea about how I feel about her!

Well everyone is having a swell time around here. Knowing they wont be back for quite a while. 

How's John doing with the farming? I have got to eat supper now. Hope everythings fine there. 

I'm holding a Major's job now temporarily. After I'm over I'll go back with my same crew. I'll have to send my wool clothes home when I leave here. You can have them cleaned & put away. 
___________________________
Officers' Club  
Kearney Army Air Field
Kearney, Nebr.

Dear Mother,

I got your letter today and am sorry Evelyn is causing you so much worry. I don't know what she means by doing that way. You can tell her anything you like. I wouldn't want her coming to see you & causing you all that much trouble. the way she writes to me she talks like we're engaged and it's just a matter of time till we'll be married.(HA) I don't care to be engaged just yet & if you know the words to use to slow her up a bit well go right ahead. 

She called me on the phone one day & the connection was so bad I could hardly hear her. I mentioned grandpa was in bed so she must have thought I said DEAD. 

I guess I'll have to write her a letter & tell her to lay OFF. You probably wont here from me for several days now. This is a pretty day. The sun is shining pretty but it's still pretty cold.  











ure so there it is.  took my picture to watch Robin girl see me & watch film being developed at Fort Bend. I wrote to Paul & send him to me here if possible - but if she doesn't get them to me yet and it is - on the court yard - I should get another one.

Everything going swell here except the weather is so hot. We can't go out much because it's still evening and night. I have had our suits and I have had our suits for about 3 rolls of film being developed at Fort Bend. I wrote to Paul & send him to me here if possible - but if she doesn't get them to me yet and it is - on the court yard - I should get another one.

You too many letters (ha) do you?

--- PAGE 9 ---
Mr. W.H. Wilson

The war writing you wrote
let - So is a nice story
I'm sorry but it must
have to they idea about
the way & feel about him!
Well everyone is having
a swell time around here -
knowing the want to last for
several weeks with you
How John long with the
planning? & have got & car
happy now - Hope everything fine
I'm holding a major far now
temporarily - gotta live down to go
back with my plane crew - So
have to keep all my wool clothes home
when it comes true - You can
leave them clean & put away

--- PAGE 11 ---
Dear Joe,

The letter got today from Waycross, Ga., but I haven't received them yet. You can direct all my mail to me at Kearney Army Air Field, Nebraska.

I paid some of the fellows to get my mail for me if they left anywhere. I think he sent the pictures you asked about through this here now unit's mail. You got a new address? How do you like the foot lockers? I've forwarded any mail from these units or have none at all: $100 war bonds from Great Britain, 3 foot lockers, 1 barracks bag, 1 box cigars, 1 box candy.

How are you doing in us? So be good to me. Can't come get things now. I'll go get back here also and clean up my room. We've got a lot of new stuff - probably have some more soon. Let's write soon to Passaic - can't wait to see you there.

Love,
[Signature]

--- PAGE 12 ---
Hello Mother of all,

Well how are you different from the country I left? We're in California & taking Education for just June - so send my laundry out to unit & will get it back tomorrow.

Pete sent me a card yesterday with no stationery or the Red Cross stuff. He's going to be my temporary APO # now until he gets home. Pete needs to go to Georgia to pick up his car. I'll write to him about it later.

You can use that & Fernando A.P.O. # to send any packages to me. Don't know anything else you need to do - just stay at home. Write to Pete soon. He's in the 4th Armored Division from Roswell, New Mexico. You last got a letter from Kenny. They had to wait 2 or 3 hours to get a call through.

--- PAGE 13 ---
We be writing again in June & better be getting a few days. We are pretty busy here but are well take care of. Lucy have her are well take care of too. Can't have my camera with me now so I got up the morning on the train to get it really good. I do this until I can watch the Swiss time. Hope you all got up the morning on your time. Had a great time in Waycross & got into the stats again. We can bring that we got a new watch too. Also, I have a Howard Peters watch of a Supertop brand now. Not counting a plan it.
We also heard from 13th wait & Jacks last. The way they are going now is gonna hurt Cook & the others overseas. Will see you now in the area last time.

--- PAGE 14 ---
Dear Mother,

Hows everyone today? Can just write a few lines now. I started to write last nite as you can see but something came up in filling out my papers etc. Here I could not remember the name of the insurance company. I had that policy with J.W. you know - Will you fill in the name of that company in the space provided on the form I'm sending along & mail the form to the address at the top of the paper - Just trying to get all my business in ship shape.

--- PAGE 15 ---
I left Kearney before I received the picture from Rosie - Now I don't know if she'll be here long enough for them to catch me or not- I got a new army watch & sun glasses - Guess she just took both watches with her cos the climate is so hard on watches - Say I'm gotta rush out right now before the office closes. I'm having my camera sealed up - Love to all Austin

--- PAGE 16 ---
Dearest Mother

Just time for a quick hello -
Found this picture in my stuff
I thought I'd send it home
Never did get those pictures
Guess we got them later on
Tell all hello and you can send
my mail either air mail or V-mail
from now on
I'm still a day ahead
Cook and the rest of the gang?
Better sign off now -
Love to All,
Austin

--- PAGE 17 ---
Dear Mother and Sis,

How is everyone today? Hope you're doing OK there -- I just took a little nap & am about ready to eat supper. I didn't get any sleep last night so amounted to anything.

I left Cook behind again but expect to see him again tomorrow -- Boy, we are hearing some good music now - Sure is hot & don't need any wool clothing any more for a while

I haven't heard from you since I left Kearney. This is going to have to come to a stop one of these days (HA) What is John Wm doing now? Has he cut any new teeth?

I just heard the news on a hoo speaker about the meeting of the Big Three - And their plans for Germany after the war

--- PAGE 18 ---
Boy Lin just beginning to realize what a big old world this is--And so much water! If I get into Town Tomorrow see if you can send you a souvenir of some kind--I won't do like Paeth Sales this kind--get left behind.--(HA) I'd sure like to run into him as waits--Well for that matter any of the guys I know--There are several persons from around Ripley working here anyway--Will see the rest of the fellows are about ready to eat. They are a swell gang too--We have a lot of fun joking about our different mishaps & how everything turns out ok anyway--Well Solong for tonite--Tell the sides & Sims hello when you see them & hope they have heard from Bill & Jack--For once & still have the same address.--(HA) APO 18179-CZ-3 % Postmaster--Love to All, Austin

--- PAGE 19 ---
Dear Mother,

Will only have time for a few little lines—How is grandpa getting along by now? Hope he is able to smoke all those cigars I sent him—Everything here is going just fine and according to plan—A full day for swimming etc—

I have been expecting Cook in most any time now, but haven't seen him yet—

Did you find the pen I sent home in the green shirt pocket? I sent Rosie your address & told her to mail you either the negatives or a print of those pictures she had developed for me—Also we took some film one Sunday there at Great Bend—She may send some of them—Keep them in my album for me—

--- PAGE 20 ---
How is the Peyton family? Hope Evelyn isn't getting on four horses too much. I haven't written to her yet. Think we go lookin' around this afternoon as it is the only time we have for such stuff. We're getting up early again in the morning—looks like I'm almost following in Jack's footsteps—I must be off now.

So Bye Bye to all—

I'll be writing again soon.
Love,
Austin

P.S.: Enclosed please find one dollar bill.

--- PAGE 21 ---
Dear Mother and All,

Well I have finally reached my destination - Got here yesterday but didn't have time to write - We had a very interesting trip over & everything went O.KAY - Cook isn't here yet until I want to see the C.O. He said I would get back on that crew. The fellows & rode our Wills are trying to keep me in their squad. Now - Didn't know I was so supr -(HA)

This is really out-door life - We live in tents & sleep on cots with nothing but one blanket - No sheets.(HA) Shave, Bathe, Wash our cloths out of a steel helmet. We have a nice runway but the biowac area was jungle 3 or 4 days ago -

--- PAGE 22 ---
We don't have any showers or places to shave yet. We are going to build all this up so it will be pretty nice when it's finished.

We cannot take any pictures around here at all. Maybe sometime later tho.

Everyone is busy & I have a lot to do today. I want to move back our with my buddies.

Tell John this place looks something like that clearing down in the Miss. Bottoms where we hauled so much wood from except the dirt is red. If it covered with tents, The jungles are so thick I don't see how anyone can even walk through them.

--- PAGE 23 ---
We aren't allowed to leave the camp clearing - They will cost material you if you go into the jungles because there are still Japs around - And Marine patrols that shoot anything they see.
Well as soon as I get more time I'll write you some more so tell everyone hello.
I'm in the 21st Bomber Command. We are at a brand new field just hacked out of the jungle - The food is swell.
Love to All,
Austin
Lt Austin H Winn O-774857
19th Bomb Group, 43rd Sqn.
A.P.O # 246 , Unit 2
Yo Postmaster
San Francisco, Calif.

Don't forget to put Unit 2 because that distinguishes which part of the island I'm on.

--- PAGE 24 ---
I brought this stationery from Calif. The envelope from Honolulu. I didn't have time to write that letter & talk o'letta & would write you.

--- PAGE 25 ---
Mariana Islands,
Feb. 18, 1945

Hello Sister of all,

How have you all been? Guess you haven't heard from me in several days! I wrote Mother a letter yesterday.

Well it rained again last nite and again this morning - Makes it kinda muddy around here too. I moved over with the 93rd Sgd. last nite - I'm still assigned to the 28th & they are trying to keep me but I went to the C.O. & he told me to move our here. Lt Cook would come on in here I could get transferred back on that crew. He should be here tomorrow anyway - I just went out I shaved out of a helmet- We eat in mess kits right out under the sky. All this is being worked on tho & before long we'll have things better.

--- PAGE 26 ---
The crews are already bombing some of their islands around here We will be in a day or two - We sleep under mosquito bars but they aren't too bad (the thing I need is a couple of sheets) If you get time and know how to go about sending them well send me some sheets There is some rule they told us about that you can send one package when you got my APO# After that I have to request what I want The Postmaster in Ripley or Henning should know Later in the day now the sun will come out & it will be hot. I'm just wearing a 1 piece suit now - my blue swim trunks Am trying to get used to this sun without blistering I understand it takes about 7 days for you to get my mail + about 2 weeks for me to get yours- I haven't received any yet but maybe soon (++) Well how's that John Hake & his teeth coming along? Everyone around here is constructing little tables & desks to write on. And trying to get their tent comfortable

--- PAGE 27 ---
Well Sis & think we have to go now - I won't to brief a little. Wash stand. I have a .45 automatic pistol, 10 inch knife and a lot of extra gear while I'm flying. We hear the news every day too also train an open air theatre. I'm feeling fine & think this open air life will be good for me. The only trouble is it's so damp & hard to keep down fungus diseases like athlete foot.

So long now
Love to All
Austin

Will be glad when I get all that mail I've been missing -

--- PAGE 28 ---
Dear Mother,

The Dew is about 20 minutes high. Guess we have time to write a few lines before it gets too dark - I'm feeling swell, just went down to a rig they have fixed up & took a good shower. A truck comes by & sprays everyone with a hose at about $1:30 each afternoon so that's quite an improvement.

How is everyone in Cherry? Soon as my crew gets here let be going on some bombing raids - We have certain things that we can't write about. I'll try to tell you as much as possible but we have to go by censorship regulations. Let me know if a censor marks anything out of my letters! Well, you can ask me anything you like & I'll answer them if possible - Better close down now as it's getting too dark - See Write some more tomorrow.

6PM
Sunday

--- PAGE 29 ---
Feb 19, 1945
Monday

Well everything is lunky dang this morning!
Got up this morning and it wasn't raining - that is something around here and we're in the dry season right now... The wet season begins around April or May - then it falls about 25 days out of a month.
They have opened up a little PX. Now where you can get stationery, soap, candy, and toilet articles.

Our trip across was very nice
I was at the Port of Embarkation in California for almost 3 days - Then we flew to Hawaii. I saw Pearl Harbor, Honolulu, Hickam Field & John Rodgers field - Ain't allowed to tell ya our trip from there on to destination. It was pure plenty a water to cross tho... I'm around 9000 miles from home I guess now.
When I get over Japan that well be another 1500 or better to add

--- PAGE 30 ---
LATER:

I just ate lunch and we had Salmon Cakes - Beans, rice, pineapple, bread Coffee etc. NOT BAD AT ALL We hear music most all day long over the Armed Forces Radio which is broadcast over a loud speaker that can be heard all over the camp.

Well has got to go down to the orderly room & get my financial matters straightened out. You may not get a check from the government for several weeks yet how ever when I get paid at the end of the month I'll probably send some money home if there is any available means. I don't see where I can use any money out here except maybe a few dollars a month for candy & other little items Our meals cost 75 cents a day

LATER: Someday:

Still waiting around for my boys to come in Meanwhile I'm getting a little of this sun every once in a while - My face is plenty red but not burned. My shoulders are getting a little sore too

--- PAGE 31 ---
I don't think Jack is on the Puna islands yet - Does his folks know where he is yet? I sent you a letter with a dollar bill in it marked "Hawaii". Have you gotten it yet? I just wondered if the censor took it out or held up the letter for a while or not. I wrote to Wither & Jack already. Lee write write to Carl soon. Looks like him going to be plenty busy around here soon - I may not be able to write as often as I have been. Lee write every chance you So don't worry.
You notice I changes my address back to the 93rd Sgdn welcome din pretty sure lee get back with them. Right now I'm assigned to the 28th and I live with the 93rd (HA) I just go back & forth from one Sgdn to the other - Do just about as I please. Soon as my crew gets here too lee be busy flying or going to school!

--- PAGE 32 ---
We had a man from Siapan give us a lecture this morning -  
Think he put on my knife  
And go out scouting around.  
I see some new faces around -  
Think I better go see who's here -  
Tell all hello and everything  
OK 6pm nite -  
Love Austin

--- PAGE 33 ---
Feb 21-1945
In The Marianas
4 P.M.

Dear Mother and all,

Well I got my first letters today-
And guess who it was from? The
little Robbins girl sent me the other
picture she took of me that day in
Ripley. Don't know why this letter beat
all others here. She sent it Air Mail
Feb 8th- But it went to Kearney
Then to San Francisco & so on.

Everything is going swell our
here. I'm still in the same place and
will be until they get our little
Quonset Huts built. They are made out
of tin & are just half of a circle.
Looks something like this:
Only the combat crews get to live in these
kind of buildings Everyone else will remain
in tents- The weather has been pretty
nice today- It's always cool enough
to sleep good at nite here.

Yesterday another guy & myself went
down to the south end of the island

--- PAGE 34 ---
in a Jeep- We ran across some other military instalations & I managed to get a mattress cover - This will be good to sleep on-
How is everything around home? & grandpa feeling any better lately?
July 22, 1945

Well today is Washington Birthday yesterday was Othos. By the way how is Otho? Is he still down with his dad & Jr. I guess we have to write him a letter also one of these days.
It raining this morning and this paper is so soggy & damp- I have a job this morning censoring the enlisted mens mail - Maybe ill get a few pointers on how to write letters now.
Cook will surely be here today Our cook will surely be here today. Our cook will surely be here today.

--- PAGE 35 ---
Our POE (Port of Embarkation) was Mother Fills 649 Cobij - Right close to Sacramento - It's almost noon now & we've been busy reading letters all morning Boy you sure can learn just how everyone is getting along & how their morale is by censoring the mail. Not many of them try to write anything that they shouldn't. It's funny to see how some try to tell where they are in a round about way - The $25 I put into the Officers Club back in the States is coming in handy now. We have 6 washing machines & we're getting my clothes like yours & I'm getting mine this morning in one of them. We also bought a nice Radio & Record player with that money & it plays over a speaker all day & nite about 10 o'clock or nite - The special services pair of army furnish a movie projector & we have a free movie every nite - A screen tricked up on a tree & everyone sits on the

--- PAGE 36 ---
Gonna w bring a box or chain & some kind with them-(+14) Last nite we saw "My Favorite Wife" a good picture too & the kite before "Going My Way" that made the 3rd time to see that one.

Everyone goes to the movies tho whether they've seen them or not. We have no lights in our tents anyway except flashlights so we might as well see them.

I guess I better close for now & read a few more letters then go check the mail to see if we received any mail myself from the States.

Am standing this sun O.K. If the cool breeze blow most all the time - its a swell place so long as it isn't raining.
Solving
Buddie

--- PAGE 37 ---
Feb 23, 1945  
In the Marianas  
10 A.M.

Dear Mother & All,

Will begin this letter now although I may not get it finished today. Everything is swell here except Kello hasn't gotten here yet. He started on his last lap yesterday but understand he had an engine failure. I had to return to his take-off field. He may be several days getting here now if he has to have the engine worked on. While I'm waiting for him I'll have a job censoring the mail & doing lots of odd jobs around here. OH! A big formation of 29's just came over the field. They sure look pretty. We are missing a lot of flying & bombing by him being so long coming.

Yesterday I got a wad of mail but none from you all yet. I understand that, so don't think I'm getting restless about my mail though. I heard from Gertrudine L. She said John B. was a prisoner of Germany - was sure glad to hear that. I got my washing done yesterday and it's on the line this morning. I guess sister has been guessing my whereabouts, has she not? There is nothing in this letter to point to my whereabouts so tell her not to try to read between the lines.

--- PAGE 38 ---
Here's the way I have figured it out. It's all quiet confusing but when its:
6AM where you are its 4PM same day here-
12 Noon " " " " 10 PM " " "
6 PM where you are its 2 AM next day here

On our way across we crossed the
International Date line- We took off
on Wednesday morning & landed Thursday afternoon
according to the calendar & time (HA) Altho'
we were in the air only 8 hours.

Guess I'll have to stop now for a while.
I'll be back tho' so don't go away-
LATER: 12:30 (noon)

Well I got a letter from you
and sister just now. Sure am glad to see
that we've made connection- yours was
written Feb 15th so I still have lots of
older ones yet to come.

I'm not supposed to write on
the back of this paper I don't think. The
censors don't have time to look around on
the back for writing- This stationery is
so thick & heavy over 2 pages makes
an Air Mail letter pretty heavy

--- PAGE 39 ---
Tell Miss Josie Belle to write Jack that I'll be seeing him soon, I hope. For him to watch for any B-29s landing there.

I hope she has heard from Jack lately. I'm sitting out in the shade under a tree now. Brought a cot & my table outside where I could get the cool breeze. Where I could get pretty soon - I guess I'll sign off pretty soon while better write several letters today while I have the time.

Hope John is over that sore throat. That was too much dock hunting no doubt! Am glad Willard got to come home.

Our base is improving every day - we should have a mess hall in a few days and better living quarters also.

There were three Goos here today. They had beards a year old it looked like. Don't know where they came from.

Love to all,
Austin

--- PAGE 40 ---
Feb 25, 1945
Somewhere in The Marianas
Sunday

Dear Mother & Sis,
Well, I got your second letter yesterday - Guess they will begin coming kinda regular now- This took only 8 days. Also Cook came in yesterday so I'm back with him and in a new tent.

We've gonna be busy now! Guess you'll see where some of the guys are busy today!
Sore was glad to hear from you again.
We had chicken for dinner today - Can you believe that!

Has anyone heard from Jack lately?
Write & let me know if that is true
About John Bishop being a prisoner of war!

This morning we were all hot from setting up the tent & digging a ditch around it. It came a good shower & I ran out in the rain.
Got all soaped up & it stopped raining &
Then I had to get my helmet & get some water to get the soap off (HA)

--- PAGE 41 ---
A nice breeze blowing today - I went down to fly last nite - We had a little difficulty tho it didn't take off - We had two soldiers from another branch of the service going to ride along with us for their first airplane ride - They were disappointed -
The generals on this island didn't like the idea oz us not wearing a complete uniform so I guess I won't be wearing the swim suit so much now - We have to wear khaki shirts & trousers at all times except when taking physical training or manual labor.
Most of the fellows are down looking the plane over now. Some already have their ship names & pictures printed on their planes we haven't yet.
LATER:
Well it's monday nite now - The 28th Have been on a little mission since I began the letter - Went to the show tonight & am censoring the mail now better say so long & get back to work - Love to all
Austin

--- PAGE 42 ---
Feb 28, 1945

Dear Mother,

I didn't get time to write to you yesterday, my birthday - We were busy all day - Can't say as I feel any older today but just the same I'm 24 now & that is kinda old eh! I feel that I should try to express my gratitude to you for being such a wonderful mother. Thanks a million times for being so patient and kind to us while we were small & didn't understand things too clearly - And for raising us in a Christian home - you're just too sweet for words and I love you.

Things around here are still on the improving side - And said say I got 15 letters about half them from you & sister. They were sure lots of pleasure to read

--- PAGE 43 ---
Was glad to get caught up on all this back rode that I'd missed. Sure was proud to hear about John B. I also got some of the pictures from Robie that I took down in Puerto Rico. I guess she will send you the negatives soon. I think she was having done reprints made from some of them.

I used Cooks Type Writer to address the envelope. We went on a mission the other day. Our planes were in on the Big Raid on Tokyo the ___. None of our planes were damaged & all returned safely. Some were flying for 18 hours tho' I were really tired out when they returned. We weren't in on that one tho'. Scott didn't get here soon enough. The Navy also hit Tokyo the same day - That helped out a lot as the Jap planes couldn't get up to our planes on account of such bad weather.

Tell sister she only use the second when writing to her - How is John Wim's cold getting along? Hope he is over with it by now. How's Grandpa Also? Am glad you found something you could use in

--- PAGE 44 ---
in the foot-lockers:
Oh my Halis Operator if I went out & climbed a Coconut tree got 10 nice Coconuts - We ate & drank the milk from one, it sure is good. We'll be calm but not to get sick on them tho so don't worry (#4).

When you get the negatives have about 3 extra pictures of me with the stick in my hand down by the beach side. I send them too me. I have had several request for pictures lately.

This is about all the time sue got now. Hope they're heard from Jack by now. I write to these guys but here I put "Inter Island" on my envelope & it's suppose to go to them without first returning to San Francisco then back. As yet tho I haven't had an answer wither has 11 missions in Now it has moved to the Philippines.

Tell all hello Jose.
Austin
