--- PAGE 1 ---
March 3, 1945  
In The Marianas  

Dear Mother & Sister,

Will have time for only A Few little lines this morning - Guess you've missed a few days hearing from me. Well I've really been busy & doing a lot of flying.

Today we're going to ground school. Yes, we still have to study up on this flying & bombing - learned the latest stuff from other crews etc. That have been over Japan recently. Guess you read where we destroyed 240 city blocks in Tokyo the other day. Well our planes from this group were in on that raid. Our ship wasn't tho. Cook got here too late as I've said before. I've been on 3 bombing missions so far but not on any over Japan itself. Soon tho I will. We've been up around where Jack is.

I had forgotten what the date is even - Notice I put Feb. as the date at first. It's hard to keep up with the day of the week also.

--- PAGE 2 ---
How is every one around the neighborhood? I will be too busy to write much over 2 times a week it looks like.

We are one of the lead crews in this group. It's a pretty important job. All the navigation & bombing is dependent on the lead ship since all the others follow along in formation.

Things are going O.K. One day we got to go swimming - we were actually practicing ditching drill - getting in out of the rubber life rafts etc. It was lot of fun tho. We climbed some coconut trees and ate some coconuts also. Came a big raid last nite & ruined part of the outdoor movie that was going on at the time - I've gotta stop now. So Bye. Tell all hello.

Love,
Austin
Am getting mail pretty good now

--- PAGE 3 ---
Dear Mother & Sis,

Decided it's better send you a line this morning before going out. Guess you missed several days hearing from me! Well everything is O.K.

We washed our plane again here. We washed our plane again yesterday - keep it nice & slick so it will go faster.

Yesterday we got the mess hall completed & now we can eat out metal plates instead of our mess kits - it sure is much nicer also they have a big water tower almost completed so, soon we will have water also & showers

I got the pictures from Rosie. Some are pretty good I guess you'll

--- PAGE 4 ---
get yours pretty soon -  
Thanks for the nice birthday card. It sure was cute & got several Valentine & Birthday cards also. Mary P sent me a good one also. Olette.

We been getting plenty of mail lately. Beating everyone else on the crew except our tail gunner & myself are having a pretty close race.

Was glad to hear they heard from Waits & also that Cherry is getting lighted up (Electrically). Have you gotten a check for $250 lately?

What did you mean that my picture might be in the paper? You mean the Army might have sent the one I had taken down at Alomogordo! Well we'll have to stop for now.

Tell John & John Wim hello. Hope Waycross is getting better. Love, Austin

--- PAGE 5 ---
March 12, 1945
Marianas

Hello Sister Hale,
How's everyone? Guess you've been reading a bit of the girls we kindled in Tokyo & Nagoya! We lost some planes and we got through without a scratch.
Today we moved into a quonset hut. The crew that lived there was lost on their first mission - All fellows I know too. One of Coots big buddies from Alamogordo of all along the line. The crew I rode with from the States was also lost.
We had a mighty nice mission & put our bombs exactly on 30° the target area. Our gunners are getting promotions to Sgt.

--- PAGE 6 ---
I got a letter from Wilbur today. Got to try to take a shower somewhere tonight - I sure am tired & sleepy.

Oh, yes you asked me several questions in your last letter. Your Air Mail letters come to me in about 8 days. The V-Mail usually comes without even being photographed - your mail to me is not censored - My mail to you is spot-checked.

Everyone here has to wear their guns around everywhere we go now. I carry a .45 pistol.

This place is a nice place to sleep now after staying in the trees so long. We will have water soon The tower is already built - Bob landed on an island with 2 engines gone the other night. Same as Jacks - Bob is the guy in the little picture with me.

--- PAGE 7 ---
After Supper:

Well I got that shower of July
100% cotton - Think I better get
it bad right now tho -
So nity with ya now!
Love
Austin

P.S. - Well miss Josie B.
I got her letter off. Thanks - Hope she has heard
from Jack - Will have more to write
next time

--- PAGE 8 ---
March 15, 1945
Marianas

Dear Mother & all,

How is everyone today? Guess you've seen where I've been pretty busy lately - I went to Waycross the other nite. Then to Osaka on our way home from the raid & listened to the news broadcasts of Washington announced that B-29s hit Osaka Wednesday morning - & was still flying & not even half way back to my base. We encountered no trouble on either raid - we did get pretty scared once or twice but thats just natural. The big search light shooting up through the nite looking for your floor. They caught us once I followed us right over the targes. We couldn't dodge

--- PAGE 9 ---
them as that time because we had to keep straight ahead on the bomb run. As soon as we dropped our bombs tho we were weaving around and lost the lights - The Auto Aircraft guns on the ground were throwing big Rexploring shells up at us & they burst all around the plane- We call that "Flack"-
Haven't heard the results of the Osaka raid yet but suppose you have.
Here's a bit o' information you've been wanting. Jack is here on this island, a casualty in the Base Hospital. I just got word last nite about him but couldn't go down there at the time - If it all possible I'll see him today. If Miss Josie D. hasn't heard from him yet wait until I go see how he is if you think that best- you'll know better what to do. Tho, He's about 25 miles away

--- PAGE 10 ---
I ran out of ink & none handy so I thought I'd just finish in pencil - I got lots of letters yesterday. Everyone that write to me just demands that I send them a request.

We moved into the new hut now and have a much nicer place to stay. I don't know about this. I don't know about the white up in the paper, you can send a little note in if the Hendricks County Paper if you like - I wrote a letter sketch on the next page & you can add their line your son etc. Reward it any way you like.

I wrote Justin's name on one of the bombs & dropped - Also several other names. Geraldine C asked me to drop one for her so I put her name on one also/that I had plenty a bombs to write every one's name in the city & Cherry was one each - That's on one class. The radio announced we dropped our 2000 Tons 'on OSAKA

--- PAGE 11 ---
Lt Austin H. Wren of Cherry, a B-29 pilot in the Marinas wrote of hot times over Japan. He was in the big incendiary raids on Japan's largest cities.

Well she gotta go study up on some more targets! And if possible get to see Jock. I wholt jock a letter last nite just in case I don't get down today.

Glad to hear John Wren is walking & talking. But he's a cuts fellow. Also glad Grandpa's getting better. Yeah, V. mail hasn't gotten here yet! That was mailed the same day as a letter I got yesterday.

Solly now,
Love to all
Austin

Raining here real hard now. Things are really getting muddy and wet around here.

--- PAGE 12 ---
Dear Mother and Sister,

What's the good word from home? Guess you got my letter of day before yesterday. I wrote it just before leaving for Kobe, Japan—Our plane was the last to get to the target & the last to leave. I stayed over the city of Kobe 2 hours while the 300 or more B-29s bombed—I saw the whole show from start to finish. There was plenty action & a movie could never be as interesting or exciting. I was flying for 17 hours & really tired when we returned—We leave in the evening & get back the next day at noon.

--- PAGE 13 ---
I don't know how busy I'm gonna be today. I'll stop now if nobody wants to go down to our place now tho'. If I don't fly we try to go to church today.

LATER:
Well I didn't fly, we cleaned our plane up good from the last mission. The service were Catholic this morning. I read some in the Bible and rested up instead of going to church. I just started to feel pretty good now so am going down to visit Jack again. I got few letters this morning with Hayleys enclosure. Sorry to hear grandpa is acting again. Suppose Miss Lovie Belle has gotten my letter to her about Jack already! Here's a clipping I got from Aldie. The plane's name is Battin Betty. Ours was Battin Betsy - We will probably

--- PAGE 14 ---
Change that Now Cook was made Operations Officer & We have a New Airplane Commander Flying with us from now on - Several of our Staff Officers were killed on one by the Heids if so cook was the best men to take over such an important job. The fellow we are getting for a Commander is a nice fellow - Cowen. We're all used to Cook & like the News Article says, we were a team - But everything gonna be OK. Some of the fellows here pretty low over the change but we already gotten used to such things & just take it as a routine matter [**]

Addie sends me all the articles about our B-29s - Sure wish you could get a paper I wrote for the Lauderdale County Paper but it will be a month late when I get it. That'll probably be news tho anyway

--- PAGE 15 ---
While we were over the targets we took Moving Pictures on color film of the fires - They will probably be in the movie in the States before we can see them.

Well I better get going - It takes me over an hour to hitch-hike from here to Jack. Caught 8 separate rides this last time.

Did I tell you we got a new Bombardier? He was sent over as a replacement. Got here on Sat nite & was our Japan on Sunday nite next day. Our old Bombardier, Armstrong got sick & they left him at March Field in Cali.

Am glad you have the map of Japan - We saw fires still burning in Osaka 3 days after the raid while we were circling over Kobe. We also flew over Osaka again just to take another look. Tell John Wim Hi for me also. Love, Austin

--- PAGE 16 ---
Dear Mother of all,

Justa line to say hello this morning - Guess I better report on Jack today & went down on Jack yesterday afternoon to see him yesterday afternoon He looked a hundred to better They had taken him off the serious list & put him on the improving list. I was there for supper so nothing would do for there but that I should eat with them. I ate with Jack & We had a good time talking - He had a friend in the next bed & had a friend in they were real jolly & seem to be getting much better - I had to leave about 5:30 cause I was hitch hiking back to the field about 7:30 & got back to the field about 9:30. And lot of fun riding with different fellows.

--- PAGE 17 ---
They were going to have a show right there in the hospital but I couldn't stay for that - I saw one after I got back here the night of it "And Now Tomorrow". Sure was good.

The planes should be back from their raid last nite in a little while - we gotta go down & help interrogate the crews when they come in - I missed this raid on account J. Cook was made operations officer - We'll be ready for the next one tho -

Will tell everyone hello - Hope all are well - How's John Wino? Be sure to send me a picture of him when you make some more

Tell Miss Josie Belle to send any pictures that she would like Jack to have & I'll take it to him. He doesn't have any pictures at all with him.

Love to All, Austin

--- PAGE 18 ---
In the Marianas
March 29, 1945

Hello Mother & Sis,
Time to write a few lines before going to bed - Guess you got my last letter when I'd been to see Jack for the 2nd time?
Well we had a busy week last week. Our Group made it back on Japan in 10 days. So we got a day off yesterday.
Most everyone went to a picnic down on the beach - Army transportation and food was furnished. Everyone had a big time - I took a tour of the island myself. Went all around & saw Japs & dead Japs too. Went into some of the Pill Boxes where the dead bodies were still lying around dying up.

--- PAGE 19 ---
Found a few little souvenirs - quite we have been playing games. Checkers, buck gamu and ste-chess - We got a regular box of games in our supplies when we came across. They are coming in handy now - Each crew got soft balls, footbills jelly balls etc.

How's Grandpa & John getting along? Got a letter from Mary. She said John was sick. I'll have to close for nite - We have a phonograph if some records in our hut now so music is playing(ly) When you send the sheets you can send me a few wash cloths too - If you've already sent the sheets that will be O.K. Tell all hello Love P.S. Heard from Paul Soler today - Austin

--- PAGE 20 ---
March 24, 1945

Hello Mother & all,

How's everything today? Guess you got my other letters. I haven't written for a couple days, I don't think.

Have only a little time to write today! Just received word that Jack is being evacuated - Maybe he'll be in the state in a few days or in Hawaii anyway. He sent word for me to come see him. The last was impossible as I didn't get the word in time & was also busy & couldn't get away. Sure hope he gets to the state - He was going by air.

I got your air mail letters quicker, I like them much better. Which EB outfit is Mr. Albert Hutchinson in? Tell Mr. Willis that the fellow that was asking about him was just Mole Spy Commanding Officer.

--- PAGE 21 ---
Well all be off now - Will try to write more tomorrow sometime -
We washed our plane again this morning.
Glad to hear such sunny weather back there. Send me some clippings out of the paper once in a while.

Would have like to have visited Jack some more before he left. But guess he was in a hurry to come here also.(H41)

Hope Grandpa is feeling better by now - Tell John Winn Hi -
Love to all
Austin

--- PAGE 22 ---
March 26, 1945
Mariana

Hello Mothe Hall,
Cloudy day today - Guess I shouldn't write those little short letters like my last one.
Do they worry you too much?
I usually write one just before leaving to go down to take off for a mission. Don't have time to write much in them - Make it will be better not to do that tho
Cause I know it takes a few days before you'll get the next letter telling you I'm back again.
You always hear of the raid anyway before we get home. At least

--- PAGE 24 ---
Well is there any news from Jock yet? He left here a couple days ago - Being Evacuated either to the State or Hawaii.

I haven't received your letter yet in answer to my first letters about Jock being here. The V-Mail letters are slower getting here - Send Air Mail - Got yours letter saying the sheets were on the way - Its raining here now.

Hope Dundas is doing OK.
If you haven't already sent that note to the paper let it go - Don't like the idea of too much self-publicity - A man from the press tabloos interviewed me after my last mission so there will be something in the paper one day. Well I'm gotta say Salong.

Will check the mail now & have a letter for you.
Side ways & hope I have a letter from you.
From Oleta August 10th nite
Dr. & Joy & Love Austin Texas

P.S. Got a letter from you from
From Oleta: August 10th to
at nite

--- PAGE 25 ---
March 28, 1945
Marianas

5 missions
80 hours

Well, I've got to go now, guys. Will write you next time from Waycross, Ga.

You said that you'd gotten my letter yesterday? I haven't received it yet. You said that you'd gotten Jack's letter on the 13th. Don't forget that she had learned about me by then. She was sure you were going to make a move from heaven soon. She slept well and found out she missed you.

The last mission we went on was a daylight strike - eight planes, four fighters for each. It's a real job - we got lost in the night and couldn't see anything. We had to go back to our base and try again.

--- PAGE 26 ---
got hits on one fighter that came in kinda close to us. We really hit our target with our bombs. The 80 hours ID path always the top of the letter was the last actual flying time on combat missions. Actual flying time on each mission was about two hours. A new comrade got a dog from a man after our Nagoya mission - at maybe in the past week or so. Got no little sleep last night. Didn't get up for breakfast today - before most of our crew were up at least 8 hours ago. Another flight to take off twice. We are interrogated which is still something. Better say Bye now.

--- PAGE 27 ---
I AM IN THE AIR AND I WILL TRY TO WRITE YOU A V MAIL LETTER TONITE AS I HAVE RUN OUT OF PAPER NEAR FOR THE TIME BEING. GOSH! YOU RECEIVED MY LAST LETTER A COUPLE DAYS AGO. I HAVE BEEN GETTING MY MATERIAL FROM YOU PRETTY REGULARLY. HOPE YOU HAVE RECEIVED MY LETTER I WROTE ABOUT JACK. YOU DIDN'T MENTION HAVING A GRAVE ANY LETTER AFTER THAT YET.

I'VE BEEN ON FIVE AIR RAIDERS AND ONE MAINLAND. TWICE ON ANOTHER BOMBER WHICH WAS EVEN FIFTEEN HOURS PUT ON ACCOUNT OF BAD WEATHER WE NEVER DID GET TO THE TARGET. SO I AT LAST GOT COUNTED AS A COMBAT MISSION. WE DIDN'T HAVE IT IN THE DAYLIGHT. WE HIT AN AIRCRAFT FACTORY AT OUR JAPAN. WE HAD SOME PRETTY ACCURATE FLAK BUT NO GUN FIRE. TWO WITHOUT GETTING HIT. MAINLAND WAS EVEN MORE INTERESTING. THEY DIDN'T GIVE US TOO MUCH TO FLY THROUGH. I'VE BEEN ON FOUR NIGHT MISSIONS. COOK IS OUR OPERATIONS OFFICER MAN. THEY KEEP HIM THERE IN A DECK ALL THE TIME NOW. HE WILL GO ON SOME NIGHT OR OCCASIONAL DAY. OUR FORMER OPERATIONS OFFICER WAS LOST ON ONE OF OUR MISSIONS AND ALSO OUR CO-OP. CONSIDERED ON THE SAKE MISSION. I'VE LOST ABOUT TEN FRIENDS THAT I KNEW PRETTY WELL. ONE THAT I LIVED WITH AT TIMES AND ALSO THE GEAR THAT I HOPE MIGHT BE USEFUL.

OH, IT ISN'T GETTING ALONG NOW. I HAVEN'T BEEN ABLE TO WRITE MANY LETTERS HERE LATELY. I ASKED THE LAUNCHING COUNTY THEY'RE GOING TO BE NEXT IF WE DON'T HAVE RECEIVED A COPY OF IT YET. COULD YOU SEND ME SOME LITTLE PIECE OF ORCHID OR FLOWERS THAT IN A LETTER FROM MR. AND MRS. HENNING? THEY WOULD BE GREAT TO IMPROVE THE LOOK OF THINGS. SOME PEOPLE ALREADY HAVE FLOWERS GROWING AND THEY'RE LOOK NICE WAY OUT HERE. WELL IT'S NIGHT FOR THIS NOCTE WILL HAVE TO STOP SOMEWHERE.

HOW IF JOSEPH MINN AND ALL HIS CUTE TRICKS, WILL BE GLAD TO SEE HIM PICTURES YOU TOOK LAST.

MAYBE YOU HAVE RECEIVED THE MONEY I SENT HOME AT THE END OF MARCH BY NOW. YOU WILL RECEIVE A CHECK FOR $50.00 FOR THE MONTH OF MARCH IF IT SHOULD COME DURING THIS TIME THAT YOU GOT THE NOTICE OF IT GOING. THEN IF I HAVE ANY FUTURE FRIENDS THAT I EXPECT I'LL SEND THEM A LIO.

WHY (CUTTEN JOH) CATCH A RIDE. O HENNING FROM THE RIVER PRINCE LOOKS LIKE THERE WOULD PURPLY BE SOMEONE COMING BY.
LOVE TO YOU
AUSTIN

--- PAGE 28 ---
April 2, 1945
Marianas

Dear Mother & Sister,

What's the latest news? Glad to get your letter & also one from Miss Josie Belle also today - Have you heard any more from Jack since he left here? Hope Waits got a few days in the States via he didn't get to come home.

I was on guard duty last nite. It rained a little but didn't get wet as I was standing under the plane. How do you like this stationery? Rosie sent it to me - and just in time too. We were completely out around here except for V-Mail which I'm sure takes longer, however the one I sent you probably just came straight on without being photographed since I sent it Air Mail.

Big News on the Radio it said. We got a radio in our Barracks today by the way - It only has certain hours that we can catch a station with American music on it.

--- PAGE 29 ---
Most of the time its Japanese talking - 686
I enjoyed the clipping from the News
Papers. Glad to hear James Fitzhugh
has been Commissioned in the Air Corp
as a Pilot. He went to Memphis
& took up Civilian Air Patrol flying
in little scups etc about the same time
I enlisted in the Army, Charles Shoaff
Should he about ready to graduate also

So Dolly wrote you a letter, as I
expected that she would - She said if
she didn't hear from me for a couple
weeks she was going to write to you.
What in the world did she want to know?
Evelyn hasn't written to me any more
so guess you don't have to worry about
her coming to visit you now

Yesterday, Easter I went to Church. We
had a large crowd. Suppose there were
lots of Spring outfits out around home
last Sunday also. Were you able to get
off to church? Here's Grandpa. The last
couple letters seem to me he is much
better - I didn't go to the show tonite -
Figure see how this sleep I can get

--- PAGE 30 ---
On the last mission we were on we had a little difficulty—In account of Bad Weather mostly poor navigators got lost & we didn't find the target in time to bomb with the rest of our planes—So we didn't get to go over the target although we flew one 15 hours we didn't get credit for the mission either. Our navigator was fined $150—and put on a replacement crew. We have a new navigator, bombardier, and airframe commander now. The enlisted men of myself are the only one left of our old Alamo crew. Things are going to be OK— I recommended our radio man & C.T.C gunner for promotions—When they come through we will have a Staff Sgt Radio Man & 4 Buck Sgt gunners. I have to kinda take care of them now since Capt Cook is in operations—

Well I'll have to stop for the time—
Had to hear John Win is walking— I have 5 missions in now over Japan—Several missions on Japanese islands & then this one mission that we got no credit for since the mission that we got no credit for since the navigator just lost. Boy we thought we were right over Tokyo but it was so cloudy we could tell where we were—
Sincerely,
Austin

--- PAGE 31 ---
Lt. Austin H. Winn
United States Army Air Forces

At Nite 10:30 PM
In The MARIANAS
April 4, 1945

Hello Mother & Sis,
Will drop you a few lines before going to bed. Got off Guard Duty a few minutes ago & went up to a Service Group. I took a shower. Feel fine now.

There was another mission last nite but our crew didn't go. Our plane did tho with another crew flying it. Our engineer is in the hospital with a little stomach trouble. Expect him out in a couple days - nothing serious. I went down to visit him today.

Last nite I went down & flagged the planes off as they took off for Japan.

I'm sending a money order along with this letter for $100. That makes 3 separate checks etc. The part since we been over here - one check for 250, one check for 150, one Money Order 100.
Let me know if you've received all three

--- PAGE 32 ---
Didn't get any mail today. I've just
hardly any one got away Must have
been a hold up somewhere along the
Way-
Boy you sure are putting cotton late
Ain't you. Don't believe I've ever seen
cotton in the field this late unless it
was way back before the frost started.
How's John's
including cotton averages.
How's
pastures for the little things. Does
he have any Crimson Clovers this spring?
The cyclone we were expecting to hit our
field a few days ago went past & didn't bother us at all:
Have you heard from just yet?
Guess I better be going to bed about
now - Hope all's ok with you.
So - Give you a love to all -
Tell Grandpa hello. hope he's op &
Amerik
Bye, Austin

--- PAGE 33 ---
Dear Mother & Sister,

Suppose you haven't heard from me in a few days this time. I'm back from Guam this morning.

I received a letter from you today. They come pretty regular unless you heard where we had fighters escort our Japan for the first time. We are really glad to see some of our own fighters around.

Well, I really saw some damaged airplanes on this ship. We got one hole through our wing which didn't hurt anything. But these planes will fly with big chunks then gone too. One plane had his tale clipped off in a mid-air crash with a Jap fighter. He had to stop 2 engines & stick mode it back to two.

I spent most of the time in the place at two things and getting under control now although there are still several Japs around.

How is everyone around home? Have you heard any more from Jack?

--- PAGE 34 ---
I got the clipping that Mr. Cloys put in the paper (H#). Hope you didn't read the one I sent to you also. There was a picture of the article in a St Louis Paper about some of our crew. I haven't seen it yet. I took the picture of Cook & our Navigator Radio man in front of our plane just after we landed from a mission to Nagoya. I must have still been in the plane when the picture was made.

I've been trying to sleep all afternoon. I was up most all 2 nite in a row - except what time I slept in the place, that isn't much, only little cat naps. I haven't heard from Wither in a long time now. Hope he is OK. They are doing OK in Europe it's seems.

Well we have to stop for this time.
Has Dotty written you any more letters? & got 2 letters from her today & she promised us she was writing to you often (H#). Tell John when Halls, How's John doing with the fencing he is still giving lots of trouble. So long now
Love to all,
Austin

--- PAGE 35 ---
Dear Mother & Sister,

How is everyone today? Got your letter today as usual. Here is something to do if you like. See if you can check on if you like. See if you can check on if you like.

The Haverdale Co., paper is being mailed to me. I haven't received a copy yet, I sent them my address tho.

Will you send me a little memo book or diary? I'd like to keep some kind of record of each mission I've been on.

It's raining here now, in fact it is slowing in the last & getting on this letter.

We got a little flak hole in our plane on the last mission. The sheets haven't arrived here as yet. It takes quite a little time for them to come by boat.

Robert Winn is here in another Bomb Group - On the same field, I haven't seen him yet.

--- PAGE 36 ---
Well all have to make this a short one - Glad to hear John is up and feeling O.K.

You asked for Cook's address:
it: Capt. W.A.Cook, 19th Bomb Group
APO 246 Unit-2 % Postmaster, San Francisco

He is too busy tho' to answer any letters.
He is too busy tho' to answer any letters.
He is too busy tho' to answer any letters.

He is too busy tho' to answer any letters.
He is too busy tho' to answer any letters.
He is too busy tho' to answer any letters.

He lives in the same Quonset hut as I.

So you ever go to a show at all,
why don't you get John & take Joan
& Sis to a show sometime - Here's
a little Moron joke included in the letter.

So long for now,

Love to All
Austin

How's Grandpa?

--- PAGE 37 ---
Lt. Austin H. Winn
United States Army Air Forces

April 12, 1945
MARIANAS
8:30 PM

Hello Mother & Sister,

What's the news from home? Got a day off today and all our stuff.
Went to the beach for a picnic lunch
& games & swimming - Had a swell time - This morning we built a nice white earth wall out in front of our quarters. Also built some flower beds. Send me some seeds along with your letters - I need flower seeds as well as several types of garden seed, I asked Mrs. P to send me some watermelon seeds.
The place is going to look pretty swell around here one of these days. We got our showers working this afternoon also.

I was glad to get the clippings you sent. Send me the little clipping out of the Vandalia County paper each week. Will I start getting that paper? Cook was the head now in getting up this picnic

--- PAGE 38 ---
Here's our former neighbors new address in case you ever want to write anyone here about me—
Lt. L.E. BISNER—Same address as mine—he is on another crew now.
His home was in St Louis but he was a traveling salesman & used to work down around Memphis & on North—
My new Airplane Commanded used to be a B-17 Instructor Pilot at the Pipersburg Air Fields—
The 24th was landing now from a mission on Japan. Our Squadron didn't go today—Robert Kline is here to usher on his first mission last nite.
Tell John & Big John hello for me—
Hope Grandpa is feeling well—the Doc has sure made lots of trips to see him hasn't he! Suppose they're tired getting those shots now isn't he.
How's the neighbors I have they heard from their boys lately?
Love to all,
Audie

--- PAGE 39 ---
Dear Mother & Sis,

Will write a few lines this morning - Got to go down to operations in a few minutes - We had another big burnout raid on Tokyo last nite - The planes are about all back now - I didn't go on this one tho. Our plane was not in Comission - We taxied our ready for take-off and our flight instruments went out.

The fellows in this barracks just came in and are really telling the stories about their mission over Tokyo - They counted 57 holes in their ship I say they're really glad to be back to June - Looks like we really missed some excitement this time.

--- PAGE 40 ---
Well & haven't much time to write now. I want to go around and see the fellows & hear their stories. May I write again Toute. Tell all hello Love Austin

--- PAGE 41 ---
Dear Mother & Sister,

Well I'm sitting here in my quarters hot favorite instead of flying to Japan. We intended to go on the mission to Japan but it looked like something didn't want us to go. First hour flight instruments went out on us and the mechanics worked all day getting that ready. Well come time for take off we start our engines & taxi out & we loose all the hydraulic fluid out of our brakes so the ground crews rush out a pull a wheel off & change expander tubes in a brake & refill with hydraulic fluid.

Everyone else had already gone but we were going anyway so started to take off & we blew an exhaust stack off one engine. So we had only three engines left. So we dropped our bombs in the ocean & came back & landed.

--- PAGE 42 ---
Seems kind & lonesome around here with everyone else gone almost. Well one of the boys got his garden seed today in the mail so we can start our garden tomorrow I hope.
We lost one plane on the last mission to Tokyo. Underwood & Bob Hughes the guy I sent you the picture of with me from Great Bend, landed at two A kinda smashes up their B-29. Hicks our former bombardier was with them - he was slightly wounded by flak and is in the hospital there - Also in landing that plane ran over a truck & I understand the propellers cut both legs off of a colored soldier. There is sure plenty excitement around here those days.
One plane came back with over 70 holes in it from flak.
I got Miss Josie Belk's letter today. Glad to hear Jack is in the States - let me know as soon as you get a new address for him.
How is grandpa getting along now. Enjoy the clippings you sent.

--- PAGE 43 ---
Today April 15th makes 1 year since I graduated from Advanced Flying School still a 2nd Lt. But it seems that no one else is being promoted either. They have sure clamped down and take their slow & easy time about those things - I haven't heard of anyone in my class making 1st Sgt either. Doesn't matter so much to me anyway as long as no one else is being promoted either. Am making plenty money for this job anyway - I got about $247.50 per month plus food & housing (HA).

Is John farming much yet? Glad to hear you're having catfish that's the type of fish I like to eat where is this Back Water that the trout line is in? How's little John Winn doing? Still eating heartily I suppose - well its Bedtime I must say good nite & all Love to all Austin

--- PAGE 44 ---
Audie H. Winn
Mrs W.H. Winn
Red #2 Henning Tennessee

Lt. A ust in B. Winn 0-774851
93rd Bomb Gd/19th Bomb Grp'
APO 246 Unit 2 c/o Postmaster
San Francisco, California

--- PAGE 45 ---
Well too far make this
a long letter - I need
the other one in getting
up above Bay in the
Morning -
Just got Foot Locker with a
few things in it today.
I haven't received
the check yet & don't
plan to get them soon, too!
Excuse the penile - & I
just didn't tell Anne &
Edna at reenlist
Yours! John is some
Writing to you Christmas
Pent me off Christmas -
We also came in my
Foot Locker today &
I got the letter & Gene's
Spitake & Jerrie Cake today.
Sure glad to see them.
Kello as soon
as we get
home.

--- PAGE 46 ---
I haven't heard a word from Evelyn anywhere. Is Dottie bothering you very much now? The flowers look nice around the house. I could see several them in the picture you sent. Well must say sorry for nite. Love to all Austin

--- PAGE 47 ---
Dear Mother and all,

Received a nice letter from you & sister this morning with some slippings also for back from the Mission last nite around 11 P.M.
He got up at 2:30 A.M. the morning of the mission & landed about 11 P.M.

The news is on now and I heard about our strikes on the air fields in Kyushu - The war in Europe sounds one sided now - Hope they soon get that finished up.

Was awfully sorry to hear
J President Roosevelt died.

Well I got a letter from W.P.
Wither today - He had a 20 day leave to Australia & that's why I didn't hear in so long - He is in the Philippines now. I also got a letter from Carl Bishop

--- PAGE 48 ---
I'm way behind on my Correspondence with others persons so I better try to write another letter or two this afternoon before I fall to sleep.

Our Commanding officer, Major Lowery,
was promoted to Lt Colonel yesterday.
He is always ask asking me if
I've heard from William Hutchinson.
Tell John to say something to
him next time he sees William.
Lowery has gone with us on 2 missions.

I told you we had our showers
working didn't I! Sure is nice. We
have a Volley Ball Court between 2
Quonset Huts and play games with
the gunners in clay at two.

Will tell you all along for this time.
What's the latest from back?

Love,
Austin

--- PAGE 49 ---
7Missions
Lt. Austin H. Winn
United States Army Air Forces
21st April
MARIANAS
10 AM

Dear Mother & Sister,
It's almost mail time now so we have to hurry to get this off today. How is everything going along? Last nite I was Officer of the Guard (O.G.) - Had two guards on my Squadron inspect The guards at different times aell during the nite - I had a jeep & drove around All over the field.
Yesterday George Messros and I spotted up our garden - Planted Tomatoes in a pot & got the little garden spot in pretty good condition. Georgie has already gotten several packets of garden seed in his letters. Have you sent any to me yet?
I got a letter from Wilhee, Carl, & also A.V. Winn in the past few days. A.V is in the Palau Islands & Benfry the Philippines - Wilhee is in the Philippines, Formosa

--- PAGE 50 ---
We have some good music on the radio today. They play records just about all the time on the local Radio Station.

Be sure to check on that Letter of County Paper & see if they are sending it over this way. How's Paste Winn doing? It's time I was getting along now - Be writing at you again soon.

Give all a hello for me.
Love,
Austin

--- PAGE 51 ---
Saturday Nite
April 21
Marianas

Dear Mother & Sis,
Received your letters & flower seeds Thanks A lot-
I'll plant them pretty soon-
I have some of the garden already planted - This is the stationery that Sister put in your letter. She had some stationery at present so I have some along all no need to send some along all
the time -
I'm getting up at 1am in the morning! I was O.K. all nite last night - Tonight I'm back & my regular nite - Job- Will have to make this one or these notes again.
Love to All,
Austin

--- PAGE 52 ---
April 23
Monday nite
Marianas

Hello Mother,

It's almost 11 o'clock so will write shortly again. Seems like all my letters are "short ones" now doesn't it! Well I was on another mission Saturday night & Sunday. We hit the airfields in Kyushu again.

I got a letter of clippings from you yesterday. Today I worked out this garden - we have things already coming up. Also we did 6 flower boxes beside our walk and planted the flowers seed too. It's going to look nice around here. Anne wish she could send you a picture of the hut & surroundings.

I went to the show tonight and saw Edward G Robinson in "Destroyer". Has Dolly been writing you some other letters? I'd like to see what she wrote if you don't mind!

Well it's raining here now, we were expecting tropical storms in here sometime today. Well don't think it

--- PAGE 53 ---
ES AKAIL SS
no, I didn't have to ask for this stationery o

going to hit here now. There was some talk of flying all the planes away to another island until the storm passed there but we didn't go. I presume it's going to miss us. Hope so anyway.

Oh yes, you sent me a little clipping on how to go to sleep. I didn't need that - all I have to do is close my eyes o (Ha). We take Benadryl tablets along with the few missions to keep the nausea down.

Well how's everyone around home? Glad to hear grandpa was feeling better. Hope you can still say the same. "Tell all hello -"

Love
Austine

P.S., Sister was asking about the number of missions? There has been no official word on that. We are presuming that it won't be over (30). That will be enough for me anyway. (Ha) Some are pretty rough.

--- PAGE 54 ---
Dear Mother & Sis,

Glad to hear from you again this morning - got a Wally Ball game coming up this afternoon.

This morning we went out into the jungle and dug some nice trees & shrubs around our hut.

The rest of our crew is moving over in this hut also. Have you mailed me any garden seeds yet? I have the flower bed already planted—also some more flower seeds could be used.

I must go now—

Tell all hello to Kello & Rose

Austin

--- PAGE 55 ---
Dear Mother and Sister,

How's everyone today? Guess you missed getting a letter from me yesterday. Was on another mission to bomb the top airfields on Kyushu. Had good luck & hit the targets. The Japs put a few fighters up to meet us but didn't press their attacks enough for our gunners to get much practice. All 29s returned, however one of our planes was hit by flak & a man wounded slightly. On the way home one of our engines blew a cylinder head off & we had to return about 1200 miles on 3 engines.

This morning I went to church. I have been flying around in the pack the rest of the day. George, our Special Instrument Operator is cutting Phillips hair.

--- PAGE 56 ---
I got a letter from Cousin William yesterday - it's almost time for supper now. Everyone is still looking worn out from flying so much. Some have been on 3 missions this week.
We don't go on all the missions. They kinda rotate the crews except on some special times when they want to press home the attack. We have another crew that flies our plane also now. We are getting a new engine in place of the one that blew the cylinder.
How's John? How grandpa is feeling better, John? Had a nice rain on our garden yesterday. We took off about 1 AM on the last mission. We heard the news on the way back that one plane was lost on the mission - That was by all the planes from the other islands etc too.

--- PAGE 57 ---
Also on the radio we heard one crew ditching - Another 29 was following him down the & threw some water of life rafts out to the survivors - Also turned in their position so the Navy can pick them up.
Well I must close for now -
Should write several other letters if I feel like it -
Love to Ally,
Austin
P.S. Send some more clippings - still no paper

--- PAGE 58 ---
April 30, 1945

Dear Mother And Joe,

I hear you a picture of our crew just as we were back from a mission on Waycross. Did you receive it?

We're flying boys also. Sure glad to see you again.

Time now for a nice letter from each of you while I enjoy several clippings which are getting de new typew on our plane that needs a cylinder and the best mission we'll take the plane up play a break hot tomorrow. The red engine in there is for power to them in Jay too power so they at Skidell Lake team a game 9 boys. We have a good team.

Wish you could see it for paid today to clear $150 (fees)

Signed receive the $150 fees

Soon I'll send you the balance in a money order or something.

Love and regards,
Missier

--- PAGE 59 ---
DV has been really soft top
but here the last three or four days,
the breeze has begun blowing again now
so the molly will be pleasant
again for a while - a tropical storm just misses our block
a few days ago I ever since it's been calm with no breeze at all.
Glad you got the negatives from Rosie. Are you having them developed?
I have John Cakes picture on my desk here,
he sure is a fine looking baby.
Well I must go now, love to Alf and give all a hello for Dyer.
BYE, Austin
